Chi Ejimofor: Right.
James Jackson: They are, we're officially on the record. And you can see my screen, right? These, roll-off containers here?
James Jackson: Perfect. Okay, we are set and ready to go.
James Jackson: Alright, so, yeah, and you can feel free to interrupt me at any time, too, you know, I do training all the time, so I don't mind being interrupted, happens all the time.
James Jackson: Especially if you have a question about something I'm talking about.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, deal.
James Jackson: Alright, so starting really conceptually, because you don't have any experience in dispatching just yet, most of what Desert Services, whether it's the portable toilets or the roll-offs do, is asset tracking. You're really just saying, this unit, portable toilet or roll-off dumpster, is in our yard, we're gonna deploy it with this customer, and then we're gonna pick it back up eventually. Like, that's the bread and butter of basically what Crow does. It's a little more complicated than that, but that's…
James Jackson: Conceptually, basically, what you're doing.
Chi Ejimofor: So you said, unit in yard, going somewhere.
James Jackson: Exactly. It's units that are going to a customer, or coming back from a customer.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, cool.
James Jackson: Now, one of the key differences between portable toilets and the roll-off dumpsters is a roll-off dumpster tends to be there for a short period of time.
James Jackson: Sometimes it could be there for months on end, but usually it's there to do a job, and then you take it right back. A portable toilet, unless it's for, like, a short-term event, tends to be there for quite a while. It could be there for months, it could be there for years, and so that's one of the main differences between the dumpsters and the toilets.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay.
James Jackson: One's more long-term, one's more short-term, but there'd be exceptions to both, but just how it tends to go.
James Jackson: So, here right now, I'm logged into Crow. Have you seen the Crow system at all yet?
Chi Ejimofor: Just the shape of it, but not… not… nothing specific, yeah.
James Jackson: You would recognize its silhouette, I gotcha.
Chi Ejimofor: Like, you're in Crow right now, but it's.
James Jackson: I am. Yeah. And that's literally where I was about to head with this. It's like, just so you know, we are in Crow right now.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
James Jackson: So, logging in, I'm looking at the admin screen. This is not a section that every single person who uses Crow gets to. This is kind of the more privileged section of Crow. And mostly what I mean by that is that if you are an administrator, and this is a desert service administrator, by the way, like an administrator of your database, the main thing that they can do then is edit, like, other people's accounts. You can change passwords, you can deactivate users, you can only do that if you are specifically marked as an administrator. Other than that, you won't even see that link.
James Jackson: an available option.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay.
James Jackson: Now, what I'm thinking next, what I'd like to show you, is kind of the common way, and I can't even fully vouch for how Desert Services does it, but I can show you the way it's designed, whenever you get a phone call, like to take it from there and hit the ground running.
Chi Ejimofor: Yes, that'd be amazing.
James Jackson: Let's do it. So, even before I do that, I'm gonna double check if we have a customer here I can work with.
James Jackson: Let's do that, let's do that. Give me just a moment, I'm actually just setting up some groundwork. I probably should have done this before I got in the session with you.
Chi Ejimofor: All good.
James Jackson: Okay, there we go. Alright, start from scratch.
James Jackson: So, what I always recommend, especially when I do, like, an initial training with a provider, is as soon as that phone rings, before you even pick it up, go ahead over to your customer list. It's this… the link over here, customers.
James Jackson: That gets you access to your entire clientele, every single person who's in the system here.
James Jackson: Now, as you do pick up the phone, usually one of the first things they're going to tell you is what their name is, or who they are, or what company they're with. That's when you want to go ahead and do a search for that company.
James Jackson: Now, this isn't the only way to do it, but this is the way I like to train on how to do it, because then, right off the bat, you have all the information. I'll show you what I mean. Let's… I'm gonna be using the test account, we have a special kind of playground test account in your guys' system that's not going to affect or hurt anything.
James Jackson: So let's say that Test, Mr. Test, is calling you. First thing you would do is just type in the name Test. You can also search by almost anything else with the customer. You can search by their service address, the email address, whatever it might be. I'm just searching for Test.
James Jackson: There you go. As soon as I do that, I get two results. I get a parent account, or what we call a billing account, and then we get a service location under that account. We do split it off like that, specifically. There's, like, the umbrella parent account, and then all the locations beneath there, because you could very likely, and I'm sure you do, have some companies who have multiple job sites, and you want to make sure they're all operating under the same company.
James Jackson: That's what we're seeing.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, so… so you have a top-level billing.
James Jackson: Apparently.
Chi Ejimofor: That you just… and then they're, like, the same, I don't know, unit things, or whatever these things are, but… All tied together. Yeah, it's like… Oh, yeah. Okay.
James Jackson: A really easy way to sell it, the way I like to do it, is this location here, the one that actually has an address, 1843 East Kirkland Lane here. This is where you send the trucks. The other place, the parent account, that's where you send the invoices. That's why I like to look at it.
James Jackson: Okay.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, so it's a name… it's a company name dash… it's a company name in the billing, and then the company name dash whatever the site is for the location. If you're entering a new location, it'll be company name dash location.
James Jackson: Exactly. We don't force you to do it that way, but that is how we always train, just because then if you're searching for the name of the customer, or you're searching for their service address, no matter what, that name will pop right up.
James Jackson: Yep. Also, if I refresh the page for just a moment here, I'll show you an example. Here we go. 41 North is a perfect example.
James Jackson: The company is 41 North Contractors, but each one of these underneath it also has the word 41 North and a bit of the address, and that is specifically so you can easily search for these customers. Yes. If all 3 of these were just called 41 North, at a glance, you wouldn't know which one was which.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep.
James Jackson: Yeah, that's the whole ticket right there.
Chi Ejimofor: Cool.
James Jackson: So again, first thing you would do is search for the customer. You want to make sure they're already in the system. Let's say, for example, I'm not gonna go too far down this rabbit hole, but let's say you search for a customer and nothing comes up. I'm gonna look for my name, James Jackson.
James Jackson: When I do that, we get no results. That is your indicator. This is a brand new customer, or at the very least, they've never been in your database before.
James Jackson: That's why I like going that way.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep.
James Jackson: So, yeah, that's also why I like training on that way, too. Right away, you get all the information right off the bat. One, if they're already a customer, you see their account. Two, if they're not a customer, you know you need to add that account. We can tap into that a little bit today if you want to, how to add new customers. That is a little more of a training thing, so we might hold off on that. We'll see.
James Jackson: And then if they are already a customer in your system, the beauty of it, you just click on the name.
James Jackson: Everything is right here in front of you.
James Jackson: You get their full contact detail and settings.
James Jackson: I see you're taking notes, so I don't want to go too fast.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, so click on the… so generally, if somebody calls you, you're clicking on the location. If it's… if it's organized correctly, let's say, you're clicking on the location, and you're… and then now you're going. Okay.
James Jackson: Exactly. Everything is laid out right in front of you.
Chi Ejimofor: Cool.
James Jackson: Alright, so on the left side, this is what we call the customer center, by the way, especially depending on how much you end up using Crow, you're going to want to get real familiar with this. This is like the heartbeat of Crow right here. This is where you're going to be dispatching jobs, creating new customers, editing customer details, all of that happens right here with the Customer Center.
James Jackson: Now, I got into here just now by clicking on that customer name. I clicked, and there was the customer. But to give you the nice heads up, too, anywhere in Crow, you can also open the Customer Center by hovering over here, and there it is right there, Customer Center.
Chi Ejimofor: extra.
James Jackson: pop-up off that page.
James Jackson: That's anywhere in Crow.
Chi Ejimofor: Try to keep it accessible.
James Jackson: Cool. Alright, let me know when you're ready to move on.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep, keep going.
James Jackson: Okay. So, again, all the way over here, we have the contact details. This is the actual location name. The service address name is Crow Test1843 East Kirkland. This here is the actual address of the customer. This is where, even if you were to send them an invoice, it's gonna put this as the service address.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep.
James Jackson: Beyond that, we get contact information. This is really everything about this customer. We even offer things like email notifications, where every time that a new job is created for this customer, they get an email letting them know when it happened. And so on. Other settings, too, like I say, we don't have to get too far into that, but there are… every one of the settings over here for this customer is right here.
James Jackson: Even one little extra bone I'll throw over to you is that even any documents attached to this customer, that's for things like, you know, agreements that they've signed, or anything extra at all like that, you can also attach that to the account.
James Jackson: That is one, I will say, personally, is a feature I don't see used often enough.
James Jackson: you can always keep, like, a filing cabinet with all that in there, but if you attach it to the customer as a PDF, no one's ever gonna be out of the loop on that.
Chi Ejimofor: Right. It's right there, yeah.
James Jackson: And already we put everything else in front of you, why not also their agreement, you know?
Chi Ejimofor: Yep.
James Jackson: Alright, now here in the center section, if they already had some assets, we would see everything that's currently deployed with this customer.
James Jackson: That's.
Chi Ejimofor: And then assets would be… assets is… okay, and the… okay, I get… I see, I see.
James Jackson: I can hear the kids turn, yeah. And we do, I'll admit, on purpose, we use a really vague term like asset, because it could be anything from a dumpster to a toilet. That's why we just say, there's an asset here, yeah.
James Jackson: Something that brings value to your company. That's what we're showing you.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep.
James Jackson: Over here on the right, we give you a… I would say brief, but we go back about 100 records at a time, on the history for this customer. Every single thing that's done, even if I go all the way down to the bottom, you'll see the first thing we did was just almost exactly to the day, 4 years ago, here in the system for this test customer.
James Jackson: So that's, that's the kind of, layout that we do right off the bat, just by clicking on the customer.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep.
James Jackson: Now, to showcase how it would normally look when you bring up a customer, let me bring up an existing customer, not the test customer.
James Jackson: This is good, this is pretty good. I clicked on a random one of these 41 North contractors, this is just as an example, and you can see here, already, this customer has a 215 yards and a 20 yard, right down to what number is there? And if you select it, it'll even tell you when it first got there. This has been there since 10-15.
James Jackson: And this is specifically because this customer already had assets deployed.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep.
James Jackson: And same thing over here, the history. You'll even notice we give you access to any pictures that were taken on a job. That's another feature that I actually do see used all the time. Somebody says, hey, when I dropped that off, such and such happened, liabilities, whatever it might be, one click, you can literally see the picture the driver took. They left it there.
James Jackson: Now, another thing that I am very happy to see the Desert Services is using is the image feature. They're also capturing their scale tickets with that. Again, not a requirement, but by attaching those images, these are the scale tickets for this specific bin that the customer or the driver worked on.
James Jackson: Again, you don't have to attach the scale ticket, but I am very pleased to see that they are, because even if one of these scale tickets flies out the window, if you lose the permanent record of that with this picture here, you have it forever. Even if 10 years from now, they were to dispute a charge, you could still bring up the original scale ticket.
James Jackson: It is immortal at that point.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay.
James Jackson: I'll tell you, too, we've been capturing images, I think, since 2016… 2015, actually. It's been about 10 years we've been capturing images. We still have those first images in our database. We never delete images.
Chi Ejimofor: It's awesome.
James Jackson: And I'll tell you honestly, the overhead is not cheap, because we have a lot of images we're saving. Thousands of images a day. It's like, yeah, Google Photos or something.
Chi Ejimofor: And as a random thing, you might be getting for later, but we had a thing I heard about
Chi Ejimofor: where we have, like, a 30-day thing, you know, where after the 30 days, it starts charging them money. Is there anything in the… first, is there anything in the system that shows something like this, and is there any way to, like, send out notification? I mean, yeah, is there anything like this?
James Jackson: I know what you mean. I know what you mean. We do have a process right now, where if basically, in our terms, what happens is a short-term roll-off customer becomes a long-term roll-off customer. Like, you're gonna end up charging them rent every month on that bin because they still have it. They could have it for 6 months, something like that, yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: Correct.
James Jackson: And you might end up doing your dump and returns and stuff, too, during that time, but at the very least, you're gonna get that rent paid every month.
Chi Ejimofor: I was gonna say, because it sounds like some people… I mean, they have… I mean…
Chi Ejimofor: Wendy's our person. I think she's communicating with people, but I don't think it's, I don't think it's systematic.
James Jackson: I know what you mean.
Chi Ejimofor: Is it… so I was just wondering if… so you guys do have something in there that it's, like, it's either 5 days, or it's, like… Yes. Yeah, how does that… yeah.
James Jackson: We do have a tracker, and actually, I just opened up another tab here in the background. I'm going to show you exactly that feature here in just a second. But the one thing that… before I put the cart ahead of the horse.
Chi Ejimofor: Yes, yes, yes.
James Jackson: force out of the car, you know what I mean? We don't have an automated system. It's not going to automatically suspend a customer or automatically put them on rental. We do have processes for that, but there is a bit of a manual thing. You basically have to click, click, and tell the system that from now on, you're going to bill monthly for that. But what I will show you, right off the bat, and we've got a couple of places you can see this. This is just a separate tab. I just did this so we can keep our customer center going.
Chi Ejimofor: Yes, yes, yes, that's good.
James Jackson: You're familiar with tabs. Some people aren't. They're like, what did you just do?
James Jackson: So I went to your main dispatching page here, and again, I'm not going to go too deep into the woods here, but I want to show you… oh, I can actually tell right now, they are not using the feature I'm talking about. I bet they should be.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay. This tab right here, Asset Status.
James Jackson: This keeps track of any of your roll-off bins, that are there for more than 10 days, 14 days, 30 days. We're gonna keep a track of every single one of those automatically.
James Jackson: And the fact that there's none here either means that all of the customers of Desert Services are very, very diligent, or that feature's not being used.
James Jackson: So, if you got a second, let me, let me take it down the,
James Jackson: Take you down the avenue here to show you how this feature real quick. So, yeah, I'm not gonna go, like, too deep into it, but I want to show you how I think that they would benefit from using this feature.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
James Jackson: Okay, so I'm going back to my assets page. This is just where I can change the details about any of these roll-off bins. If I was in the Desert Services portables, it would show portable toilets here instead.
James Jackson: So, what I can do is I can click on, say that I'm just gonna pick one of these randomly, a 20 yard.
James Jackson: This is a collection of every single one of your asset numbers, where it's currently deployed, how long it's been there, all that kind of stuff. And I only showed you that because I'm gonna head back now, I'm not gonna click there, I'm gonna click all the way over here at this pencil. So instead of looking at the 20-yard numbers, I'm gonna be editing your 20-yard container asset type. This is the details about 20 yards.
James Jackson: And it is right here, and this proves to me they're not using the feature.
James Jackson: Don't worry about all the extra settings.
Chi Ejimofor: I'm not gonna…
James Jackson: all those…
Chi Ejimofor: That's sick, yeah, yeah.
James Jackson: There's a lot of settings in here, but we can get into that at some other time, too. If you want to do a more in-depth, like, detailed one of these, let me know. We're just scratching the surface right now.
James Jackson: But this right here, alert after days, this is the feature I'm talking about. And I'll… you know what? I just clicked out of there. Let me click on there one more time. So I'm actually going to set something just to kind of showcase there, and because I have a theory, there's a lot of these in here that they don't even know about.
James Jackson: So, all I'm gonna do, I want to tell Crow, I wanna see any 20 yards, and by the way, I can take back this setting, by the way. I'm gonna say, I wanna see any 20 yards, let me know of any one of those that are out there for 14 days or more without any activity. So, it hasn't been swapped, it hasn't been dumped, it is collecting dust and losing money.
James Jackson: That's all I did. I just told Crow, I want you to keep track of any 20 yards that are more than 14 days, and now when I go back to my dispatching page.
James Jackson: 14 already are popping up, you see that?
James Jackson: And each one of these, this one here for… and you could even see the customer. Johnson Stewart has had his VIN, according to Crow, for 48 days, and there hasn't been any activity on here.
James Jackson: I could even click into the history. All that's happened is it got delivered according to Crow. Keep in mind, this is just the data that Crow has. It got delivered September 18th, and nothing else has happened to it. That's what it's logging.
James Jackson: Now, I didn't have to dig to find that, it put it in front of my face.
Chi Ejimofor: I mean, I mean, I don't know if we're invoicing… well, those people will get invoiced, but that's not… Oh, yeah, eventually. That's not a fun day to, you know, be like, hey, by the way, we've been… it's like a $25 a day, it's not, you know, hey, hey, by the way, here's extra…
Chi Ejimofor: You know, this amount.
James Jackson: I know exactly what you mean. I've seen it happen.
Chi Ejimofor: my BIP, yeah.
James Jackson: For right, yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: Perfect. Yeah, so this is just… okay, so it'll pop up on this list.
Chi Ejimofor: So I could set, if I was, like… yeah, 20 days. I just want to… 20 days, I want to… so if I said… I mean, I know it would probably… but 20 days, I would set it… so this just shows everything, like, 15 days and more, basically, the way you had it set up.
James Jackson: That's exactly what's set up right now.
Chi Ejimofor: That's unfortunate.
James Jackson: more, yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: That's cool. So… and it just flags it up there, and then… yeah, and then if something happens to it, the driver goes… driver goes out, just automatically done. Cool.
James Jackson: Yeah, it's like in the tech industry, if you touch software, you just let the system know that you were there. If you even do that, if the driver just says, I'm gonna dump this bin, it resets that number. It knows that it's back to, like, zero days without incident kind of a thing, you know?
Chi Ejimofor: Yep, yep, yep.
Chi Ejimofor: And that was just the 14. Now, I… That's awesome.
James Jackson: I wonder, actually, should I just leave this as 14 so that you can show them how that works?
Chi Ejimofor: I was gonna say, you might have just, you might just leave it and just say, like, hey guys, you know, just, hey, did you guys know? Yeah, because that's… that's super interesting.
James Jackson: And I could tell, just by looking at that list of 14 assets, that they could probably benefit from that.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
James Jackson: I'm gonna leave the other ones at zero, I can see your 15 yards are not being tracked in the same way, so I'm gonna leave that ball in your court, I'll let you take care of that, but that will be your demonstration right there, if you're not quite used to that.
Chi Ejimofor: While we're here, just… I know we're, like, jumping around, but…
James Jackson: No, no, that's.
Chi Ejimofor: I saw that we don't have other fields filled out. Is there value in these other, like, I see weight, capacity, like, what… how do… yeah, is there… I'm sure there's a… well…
Chi Ejimofor: Is it just for fun to have it in there, or is it how…
James Jackson: That is a good question, yeah. And some of these features here are more portable-centric, some are more dumpster-centric, so…
Chi Ejimofor: Okay.
James Jackson: Let me just kind of give you the rundown real quick. So this is the name, this is just what you guys call a 20-yard container. Some people call it 20YD, some people call it 20YD bin, you know. You guys decided to call it 20-yard container, which is perfectly fine.
James Jackson: We do categorize. You guys only have one category in here, but even back on the portable side, I believe there's an event category, and then there's, like, a long-term toilet rental category. So that's all that is. It lets you be able to categorize your asset types.
James Jackson: The weight is one of the least used features in all of Crow, and that sounds like a problem, but actually it's not. This is if your landfill doesn't do tear weight.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay.
James Jackson: Now, I've been at Crow for almost 9 years, and in my experience, I have yet to see a scale ticket that doesn't have tear weight. But if it ever happens, this would let you be able to put in the weight of an empty 20-yard bin. It would automatically deduct that weight every single time.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, okay.
James Jackson: Capacity is one of the ones that's not meant for the roll-off industry. This is for the portable toilets. Without getting too far into the technicalities of it, basically, you can track the average capacity of a portable toilet and the maximum capacity of a holding tank on the back of a truck. It'll use that data to calculate about how full that truck is throughout the day.
James Jackson: Wow. So, if you have an enormous route, it's gonna say, hey, halfway through this route, you're probably gonna be pretty full, just based on that data.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay.
James Jackson: I showed you the alert option here. That's just where… and it is for every single asset type. Maybe you want to know when a 10 yard's been out for 14 days, you want to know when your toilets have been only 7 days, because toilets tend to get grosser a bit faster, you know.
Chi Ejimofor: Yes, yes.
Chi Ejimofor: And then these… and these are completely… so you… I see, like, the roll-off is here. The roll-off setup is completely separate from the PJ setup. Yes. It's a completely different kind of dashboard things, okay.
James Jackson: Oh yeah, to the extent, actually, we even have the option where you can operate multiple divisions of your company under the same Crow account. Like, up here, if I were to click on this drop-down, you could potentially have Desert Services dumpsters and Desert Services portable toilets.
James Jackson: But even one step further than that, the portable toilet division right now for Desert Services is so separated from the dumpster side, it's not even.
Chi Ejimofor: It's not even count.
James Jackson: Yeah.
James Jackson: It's completely separate.
Chi Ejimofor: How does… why is that… is there a reason for that, or is it just how it was set up.
James Jackson: I'm not sure. I'm thinking that originally it was set up that way. There might have been a very good reason for it, I just don't know what it is. I will say, though, we do have a lot of providers that do operate multiple different kinds of industries under the same umbrella, and they usually do tie it all together and just have a drop-down that separates it. Most companies don't fully separate the accounts like you guys did, but I think there might have been a good reason for that.
Chi Ejimofor: I'll… sometimes there is, sometimes there… yeah, sometimes there is, sometimes there's, you know, also. Sometimes it's just how it was set up, you know? Cool.
Chi Ejimofor: The school board?
James Jackson: Yeah, there's a couple more in here I can show you. Require asset numbers. That one's really, really important. So, this is where, if you ever drop off a new 20-yard, Crow is gonna require the person to say what number they're dropping.
James Jackson: And there's no way to get around that. You cannot bypass that setting, and that's on purpose. And most of that… and you don't have to track your assets by number. I'm even gonna venture to guess the CCW… oh, they are actually tracked by number. Is there something not tracked by number? Okay, here we go. I found one. So this one here, you'll notice the checkbox is not checked. So Crow will not force you to use numbers, but if you do number your bins, we're gonna always
James Jackson: urgently, suggest that you do. As soon as you have a number that you're tracking with, Crow's gonna know everywhere that VIN has ever been. It's gonna know if that VIN is in service or out of service. Like, the vast majority of tracking, real tracking, comes if you have a number on that actual asset.
James Jackson: And that goes for portable toilets or roll-off bins.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
James Jackson: Now, the reason I can tell you why this one here does not have as a requirement is because these are customer-owned. Yeah, you're not going to be demanding your customers give you the number, you know.
Chi Ejimofor: Right.
James Jackson: Now again, if you don't track by number, we can still tell you, like, this customer has 3 toilets. We just can't tell you which toilets they are. You know what I mean?
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
James Jackson: That's… that's the gist of it.
James Jackson: I can see here, especially in the roll-off industry, just about every one of those is numbered, because they cost a fortune to replace, you know, especially for that reason.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
James Jackson: Now, you'll notice, too, if the require asset numbers turned on, there's a quantity field over here. This is, like, faded out. I'm not sure if you can even see that, it's pretty tiny over there.
Chi Ejimofor: I mean, 43. Yeah, 43, yep.
James Jackson: Now, the reason why it's faded out and disabled like that is it's establishing quantity based on the numbers you have in the system. So if you have every one of your numbers, like, say, 100 through 300 or something like that, in your system, that's how it's tracking your total inventory.
Chi Ejimofor: If you turn off that number, like what this customer owned.
James Jackson: instead of having actual individual assets it's tracking, it just has a raw, arbitrary number. It knows you should have about 500. Yeah. So, the main reason why I kind of harp on that is that we do let you track without numbers, but we always urge you, if you can, track by number.
Chi Ejimofor: And I know, so you guys are… you guys spec… you guys are, like, specializing in these three, like, solid waste, you know, the waste, and the roll-off, and then recycling.
James Jackson: This is our main industries, liquid waste, solid waste, and recycling.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, we do, and we have, SWIPP, we have… anyway, we install some fencing on sites, and we're not tracking this anywhere. Is that something that anybody… I mean.
Chi Ejimofor: is that something where you can, like, put it… I don't know, I don't know if that's something that people would track, or… because we do rent it, and it is, like, you know, we're collecting money on it, and then it sometimes needs to be repaired. Just overall, is that, like.
James Jackson: Oh, yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: Like, hey, by the way, like, throw rents… throw… throw the, throw the fence in there, throw the grates in there, throw the…
James Jackson: Package deal.
Chi Ejimofor: backflow thing, like, you could just, you know, have one-offs. If we had a different, you know, this would be a different service line, but it would be like, that service line could have these 10 assets and, you know, probably don't have numbers, but you could do that.
James Jackson: Oh yeah, 100%. What I've heard, and I don't know if it's because Crow calls it that, or if that's what it's called in the industry, a lot of times people call that industry the site services industry. Like, you could have barricades, you could have, yeah, anything like that, even special lighting for a construction site. So, and I'm not trying to patronize, I promise, that's because, yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: Thank God.
James Jackson: industry. Oh, yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: That's good. So you guys have people, like, that are… okay, that's awesome.
James Jackson: Oh yeah, 100%.
James Jackson: Now, we do… we do have kind of… most of what you're going to be tracking in Crow is stuff you're going to be servicing and picking up eventually and swapping and stuff like that, but we do also offer things like rental fees on assets, where you may never once service it, like a fence. You know, you are going to charge them rent, because they're using your fence, but they're not going to have you come pressure wash it or anything like that. It's just going to sit there for 10 years. Who knows? So yes, we can definitely handle both of those things.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: And… and then you… and then on the opposite side of that, You could just, like, Dispatch.
Chi Ejimofor: people, without any assets, like water… is it, like… because we have some… we have one line that's just, you know, they just do water, dust control, and we have one that just does street sweeping. Is that, like, you know, hey, no assets, but we just need them to go out and recurringly do some stuff?
James Jackson: Oh yeah, yeah, I know exactly what you mean. Now, technically, there is still a quote-unquote asset that's there, but we do deal with that a lot. I'll give you a good example. Actually, I can give you two examples. One is something like concrete washout.
James Jackson: It's maybe not even your bin. You're just going there to wash out the concrete. Another really common one is RV pump-outs in the portable industry. That's not your RV, why would you mark that as one of your assets? And you wouldn't. However, you do have to have an asset to schedule a job.
James Jackson: So, and I'll, you know what, I'm even gonna double-check here. I'm gonna pop out of the dumpster side, I'm gonna jump into the portable side, because I have a feeling that they're already utilizing exactly what I'm about to explain.
James Jackson: Because I think, almost positively, that Desert Services does have…
James Jackson: PJ, need repair, Porta John, waste tank, freshwater, crane lift.
James Jackson: Oh, okay, no, I am pleasantly surprised. I thought that there was an article on here.
Chi Ejimofor: the freshwater tank pump, I mean, I don't think we, install those. I don't think that's… those are ours. I mean, maybe some of them are ours. I mean, what are they…
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, so that isn't as…
James Jackson: This is actually… this will work as a good example. So, even though… so if you guys do a freshwater pump, or maybe you're filling up a swimming pool, you know.
Chi Ejimofor: That's what they were saying, that's what they're saying, yeah.
James Jackson: You do have to have some kind of asset there, but you're not gonna call it a bin or a toilet, you would say, this is an RV. There's an RV that's at this job site, and you only tell Crow that so that you can schedule jobs on it.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, so you could just say, I mean… You could write,
Chi Ejimofor: you could write SWIP installation as an asset or something, and then just schedule against that. So it's just, the asset could be the service that you're doing, or it could be the specific thing, but it's like… Right.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, okay.
James Jackson: Another reason why we use such a generic term like asset. It could really be just about anything. It doesn't even have to be something physically tangible. Yeah, if it's, like, just, we need to send a driver out there every Tuesday in order to clean out whatever it might be, there has to be something deployed there, but it doesn't really have to be something physical, like a portable toilet. It could just be RV, they have an RV, or… Another really common one, grease traps, septic tanks, things like that. Even though it's not your asset, you do have to tell Crow there is a septic tank there.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay.
James Jackson: This is a good general rule of thumb, if you're scheduling a job, there has to be an asset in place.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep.
James Jackson: And I put that in quotes, because it might not be your asset, like, even customer-owned, it may not be yours, but it has to be established on site to schedule that.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay.
Chi Ejimofor: You're asking the…
James Jackson: Ask questions, by the way, this is good stuff.
Chi Ejimofor: That's cool. Okay, Dan, thank you.
James Jackson: Yeah. I mean, coming from my perspective as a customer support guy, I get, like, the same, you know, 10 questions every single day, so getting, like, completely new questions, it's refreshing. I appreciate that. No bash on anybody else, but this is good stuff.
Chi Ejimofor: Good stuff.
James Jackson: And oftentimes, I get a chance to explain Crow, but I can't really talk about dispatching as an idea, you know? So, again, kind of refreshing, I dig it. All right, last couple things I'll show you on here, and some of this is getting a little deeper into the dispatching stuff, but I think I can kind of conceptualize it pretty well, hopefully.
James Jackson: So, actually, this is something good, too, I want to touch on. This is going to affect everybody who uses Crow. We break down all the different types of jobs you can do, whether it's a portable toilet, or a dumpster, or an RV, whatever it might be, down to whether… and we have different names of these jobs, and even different colors, but really the main thing to know is what these jobs do.
James Jackson: The main reason I bring that up is because on the dumpster side here, it's called service-empty and return. A portable toilet's not going to be called the same thing. It's not going to be called a dump and return. You're doing a pump out, you're doing a clean-out, something like that.
James Jackson: But the main reason why I focus on this is it's not really about the name of it, it's what it does. The delivery? When you complete a delivery, you are leaving the asset on site. Crow knows this customer now has that portable toilet, that dumpster, whatever it might be.
James Jackson: An exchange is what you guys call it. An exchange just means you're taking the asset they have and replacing it with a fresh new one. That's way more common with dumpsters than it is with portable toilets.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep.
Chi Ejimofor: Are these… are these customizable, or it's more just a category? These stay the same, but…
James Jackson: The functionality stays the same, but you can customize the name of it, yeah. That's the main thing.
Chi Ejimofor: They're just… yeah, okay. But the… yeah, these five are always there. Call them whatever you want, but these are the 5.
James Jackson: Those are the 5 functionalities, yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: Alright, service.
James Jackson: Five Infinity Stones, that's what these are.
Chi Ejimofor: Yes.
James Jackson: Or even color coded. That's awesome.
Chi Ejimofor: Same, yeah.
James Jackson: I got an Avengers poster in my living room wall. I'm into the… Hell yeah, hell yeah. It was after I got divorced. My wife wouldn't let me have it, and, like, within a week of getting divorced, I was like, I'm getting that dang Avengers poster. He kept the Avengers poster? Yeah. That's crazy.
Chi Ejimofor: That's cool, that's cool, yay, I mean, shout out to, liking, or maybe it was petty, I don't know, it could be either one, right?
James Jackson: Who knows, man, all's fair in love and war, right?
Chi Ejimofor: Sure, sure.
James Jackson: Okay, so the service line. All the… so again, the delivery's dropping something off that wasn't there before. Exchange is replacing something. Service means you're doing something to that asset, and you're not removing it. So you're not going to be taking it away, you're not putting it back in your inventory. This is where you could be pumping out an RV,
James Jackson: You could be cleaning out a toilet, you could be doing a concrete washout, you could even be doing a dump and return, where technically you are taking the asset, but you're putting it right back. A service says, when the driver's done, the asset is still there.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep.
James Jackson: Term and final is just the opposite of a delivery. When you complete that, it removes the asset and it puts it back in your inventory.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay.
James Jackson: And then relocate is very similar to a service, only you're not actually rendering services. You're, like, moving a dumpster from this side of the property to that side of the property, that kind of thing.
James Jackson: Now, let's see, one thing I
James Jackson: Notice, and by the way, these are all custom names that, Desert Services put in here. These are not our default names. Yes.
James Jackson: One thing I pick up on, this is gonna be not so impactful on your portable toilets, but for your dumpsters, do you know if Desert Services ever does live loads? Where they don't really leave and ask, like, leave a dumpster at a job site for a few days, they just bring it there, the customer fills it up, and they take it right back?
Chi Ejimofor: I don't know.
Chi Ejimofor: Think about dumpsters?
Chi Ejimofor: Do we do live loads?
Chi Ejimofor: Small office.
Chi Ejimofor: It's not often. Okay.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, so, short answer, yes.
James Jackson: Alright, so they do, yeah, they do it, not very often. The main reason I was asking that, it might seem like a random question, this, we call it the pink job type, but we only call it that because it could be called just about anything. This last one that's called Relocate, this could also, and often is used for live loads.
James Jackson: Because again, you're not servicing something that's there, you're not deploying anything, you're just temporarily using this bin, because the customer's gonna fill it up.
James Jackson: So that's not even, like, a make-it-or-break-it kind of thing, but that is, if somebody at some point in Desert Services, if you hear them ask, how do we do a live load in Crow? Keep in mind what I just told you, because you could even give us a call. Hey, James, what was that you were saying about live loads and how we can do it, and I can walk you through the whole process. That's a bit of a deep dive, but that is the specific job type that is most often used for live loads.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep.
James Jackson: Now, just judging off what they were saying in the background there, I'm pretty sure they don't do enough live loads to really warrant going through all that effort, but if it ever comes to that, you let us know, we'll show you how to do that.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah. Okay.
James Jackson: And there are some of those dumpster companies out there, they only do live loads, you can never tell.
Chi Ejimofor: Right.
James Jackson: Alright, last few things I'm gonna fly through pretty quickly here. Kind of a, what do you call it, turbo round, or whatever? Sure. Lightning round, that's what it is, lightning round. Is, we have an average stop time option here. This is another one that's not real common in dumpsters, but I use… I see almost every single portable toilet company use this.
James Jackson: This is where, and the reason why, how far down do I want to get. Basically, this is how long it takes for you to, say, service a 20-yard dumpster.
James Jackson: They didn't specify that, because it's not that important to them how long it takes to service that dumpster, but for portable toilets, if you're building a route of 200 toilets, you want to know the average stop time for every single one of those toilets. It gives you a gauge of how many hours that route is going to take.
James Jackson: Yeah. In a nutshell, that is how that feature's used. So dumpsters, not as important, because you're doing, like, 3 dumpsters a day, but toilets, when you get into the hundreds, you have to know the timeline.
Chi Ejimofor: And I do want to emphasize, it is average stop time. We're trying to calculate big numbers, so one toilet might take 10 minutes, another one might take 2 minutes, so maybe your average stop time's 5 minutes, you know what I mean? Yep, yep.
James Jackson: Alright, and the last few things here, this wouldn't come into play unless you're getting into dispatching, but we can also make it so certain things are required by default.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, for the people to do, yeah.
James Jackson: Exactly. Images, signatures, and there's another one here. I'm gonna look. Okay, I can give you guys another little bonus here. There's a feature in here they're not using. It is the image requirement signature, or image requirement setting here. On anything where you would go to the dump, an exchange, a service, or a final, I recommend always having images required for the scale ticket.
James Jackson: That guarantees, if you go to the dump, the driver's gonna take a picture of that scale ticket.
James Jackson: And right now, that is not required in Desert Services.
James Jackson: Now, we did already see that the drivers are, at least occasionally, providing scale tickets, but this would make it so it's a requirement.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep.
James Jackson: I'm glad they're being pretty diligent on their own, but this, in case you get drivers that won't do it, this makes it so they have to.
James Jackson: One of the last ones here is the allow portal requests. I'm thinking that one there is a rabbit hole we're going to avoid today. I can kind of talk a little bit about it, but I don't want to dive really deep into the.
Chi Ejimofor: My guess would be, yeah, just somebody can log in somewhere and make a request for any one of those things, yeah.
James Jackson: Yeah, customizability is to the degree that you can actually let your customers… they can request a service on their 20-yard, but maybe they can't request a new 20-yard. You can't request a.
Chi Ejimofor: Delivery of a 20.
James Jackson: You can request a service. See how the delivery doesn't have it turned on? The service does? That's how deep you can get into that customization.
Chi Ejimofor: Mmm, okay, so…
James Jackson: So the last one here, require weights, that's just like with the other ones here. It just makes it so if a driver does go to the dump, they have to log their weights on that job before they complete it.
James Jackson: And I also noticed that's not turned on either.
Chi Ejimofor: Oh, for the… so that would be for dump, for… for… Exactly. Yeah, okay.
James Jackson: If you are doing an emptying return of a 20-yard dumpster, this would make it so you have to tell Crow what those weights were at the landfill.
Chi Ejimofor: Hmm.
James Jackson: I gotta say, usually when I see a roll-off customer using Crow, they have almost all of these turned on, because they don't always trust their drivers to provide that information.
James Jackson: looking… actually, I'm gonna take a quick look. If you can bear with me for just a second, I'm gonna pull a pro… yeah, looking through here. All I'm doing right now, these little green checkboxes, that means that the driver's provided weights. That's what it's telling me. Look at that. This is beautiful. Oh yeah, they have the weights, they have the product.
James Jackson: So…
Chi Ejimofor: So the behavior is good, the behavior is good, but it's like, it might… maybe still, like, you know, could…
James Jackson: Not bad to have checks and balances in there, but I mean, that is really cool to see those drivers are being that diligent. That's great.
James Jackson: You may or may not be surprised how many times we get phone calls from providers asking, how can I get my drivers to do their job?
James Jackson: It's like the software can only do too much to enforce that. At some point, the driver just has to be a good driver, you know?
Chi Ejimofor: Right.
James Jackson: But you can see, we have lots of little bells and whistles that will kind of force the drivers to do certain activities.
James Jackson: That they are required to do.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: I'm, like, thinking of how to… how to, like… yeah, it's interesting.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, yeah, we can go back to the main tab.
James Jackson: Sure, I was gonna say, that was kind of our little detour.
Chi Ejimofor: Excited for the detour.
Chi Ejimofor: Hopefully at this point here, you got a better, deeper understanding of how Crow works with assets, though.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
James Jackson: Excellent. Okay, so what I'm actually gonna do, I'm gonna go back to my original test one here.
James Jackson: Because now I want to show ya.
James Jackson: Oh, let me refresh my page. Try one more time, test…
James Jackson: There it is. Okay, so bringing up the customer. This is kind of circling all the way back to about 20, 30 minutes ago, when I was saying, customer calls on the phone, you bring up the account.
James Jackson: So, if I brought up the other account I was just showing you, that random 4… whatever customer that was, if they were requesting you to pick up their 15-yard, for example, you would simply bring up the account, you'd see their… you know what? No, I'm not gonna do it. Let me do this. I'm gonna set up this test customer to be kind of similar to that customer. Give me just a second.
James Jackson: I do test… that's fine.
Chi Ejimofor: And this is a… I'm… now I'm thinking, because we have some permanent assets, can you… I mean, you could put any asset, like, let's say… like, we don't… we don't come collect, I don't know, it's called silt fencing that we put up to… to, prevent water from…
Chi Ejimofor: you know, from getting… anyway, we don't… we don't collect that, but we do… that is, we are installing it, and if it gets, broken, then we are servicing it. So that would… so that would be an… like, we would put that as an asset, and that's sick.
James Jackson: 100%.
Chi Ejimofor: This is definitely… okay.
James Jackson: And you realize, by deploying it as an asset, even though it seems kind of unorthodox, it's like you're not really deploying an asset, what you're getting is all… you're getting the best of both worlds. You can get the history, how long it's been there, how many times you serviced it, pictures that show proof of service, all of that comes cascading in just because you deployed the asset there.
Chi Ejimofor: Alright, so…
Chi Ejimofor: we'll probably go over it now, but, you know, we have 5 assets supposed to go on… let's say we have 5 assets supposed to install. Okay. That's for the project… for the other sides that… that aren't in here.
James Jackson: Yeah. 5 assets.
Chi Ejimofor: you know.
Chi Ejimofor: That we're… that we're gonna install. Can you put all those… can you, like, is that… can that be blocked… blocked together, or…
James Jackson: I know exactly what you're talking about. Oh, yes. And actually, I'm thinking, let's go back into the portable side. And also be working with the test customer, and I only do that because it's much more likely you would do, like, say, a ADA unit and a hand wash station and all that kind of stuff, as opposed to, like, two 10s and a 15. You know, that's not nearly as common to deliver all at once.
Chi Ejimofor: Carved, yeah, correct.
James Jackson: So, same thing, I'm gonna go look for the test customer. Oh, 41 North, you guys have them both as a portable toilet and as a dumpster customer, I just noticed.
Chi Ejimofor: Hopefully, hopefully it's, we're supposed… we're trying to get everybody on everything, but, you know, it's a process.
James Jackson: I wouldn't be surprised if down the line, if you guys do want to start doing your site services through Crow 2.
Chi Ejimofor: We might…
James Jackson: end up putting everything under the.
Chi Ejimofor: That would be… that would be…
Chi Ejimofor: We gotta talk, man, talk about that. That's interesting. Yeah. Everybody's just, you know…
James Jackson: And then if it filters, is there, like, a filter view, if you will? I don't know, I mean…
Chi Ejimofor: That's interesting, though. It's interesting to have everything in one place, if it kind of… if people, I don't know, different people that are logged in don't, you know… I know either they don't have to see… they can see everything, but then they don't have to, you know? We have that.
James Jackson: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. If you had multiple… let's say if you had, like, portable Port-a-johns and dumpsters in here, every one of the dispatchers you add to your system, you can tell Crow what they have access to. Like, you are going to be only a portable customer, you're gonna be only a dumpster customer, and it is literally digitally impossible to get into the other data if you're cut off from access to it.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, so you can literally assign dispatchers and give them a job, and they can only do…
James Jackson: Why do we have it separate? I don't know!
Chi Ejimofor: No, it's funny.
James Jackson: It is too. I'm curious, they must have some…
Chi Ejimofor: Back in the day, it was set up a while ago, I think they were operating basically as separate business units, and it's only since the company's been bought, then now they're trying to…
James Jackson: Now it's, like, trying to modernize and try to bring everything together. Not everything together, but just kind of synergize, because, like… Right.
Chi Ejimofor: there's projects that have… because it would be interesting, I mean, we have projects that have PJs, that have roll-offs, that have, you know, all this stuff, but, you know, you have to talk to 5 people to figure out
Chi Ejimofor: what all is there. Whereas, theoretically, here, I could go to a site and just see a list of what's deployed there, and what we did, which is…
Chi Ejimofor: what I'm trying to recreate in this other software, but it's like, theoretically, I could… we could just… we installed this, this, this, this, it's all there. You could see it on the… Yeah. Oh, yeah. You know, so if we installed signs, we could just… you could see it right there. Okay.
James Jackson: There'd be two options there. Either you could operate all of your divisions under the one single, you know, Crow system here. We have a lot of providers that do that. They do, like, as a simple example, they do roll-offs and portable toilets, and all of that is under the same crow system here. They just say, you know, even if you go to the assets page, even the categories would have a dumpster category and a toilet category. Completely separate. And yes, in that case there, you could just click on any account, and you would literally see every single thing of yours that they have that you're charging them
James Jackson: The other option would be that if you did, still keep them separate, but keep them under the same Crow account here, you would say, I want to see what kind of dumpsters they have, you would see their dumpsters, and you would click up here and switch over to portables, the portables division, and then you'd see under their portables. It would keep that separate, but still under the same umbrella, but you'd just go back and forth.
James Jackson: And then especially if you had a dispatcher who did operate in both the dumpsters and the portable toilet division, anytime they want to throughout the day, they just switched modes back and forth.
Chi Ejimofor: Boom, boom, yeah.
James Jackson: Exactly.
James Jackson: I am curious as to why they kept it separate. My vibe, I think, from the beginning was that they had acquired either the dumpster or the toilet division, so it was like, it was a brand new thing that we're like, we don't really want to, yeah, bring it in just yet, but eventually, we could all just come all into the same fold.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep.
Chi Ejimofor: It's cool.
James Jackson: Alright, so yeah, let me show you what you were just asking about there, kind of a site services thing. I'm gonna bring up the test account. Doop, just same basic thing we did before. If they had anything deployed, we'd see it. I think at this point, you're pretty, pretty familiar with this screen.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep.
James Jackson: So let me show you… you know what, too? This actually even goes back to the original thing I was gonna show you. So I'm gonna do both. I'm gonna show you what we would do, what a normal day would look like if you take a phone call from a customer, without getting too far into the weeds, but I'm also gonna show you how you could do exactly what you asked for. If you want to deliver 5 different types of units at the same time, you can do that, too. Like a package deal.
James Jackson: So, first off, bring up the account. We already covered that part, you can see everything right in front of you. Now what the system does by default, it's gonna show you anything that's currently deployed. Available deployed assets, and we can see there's no assets right now.
James Jackson: So if I click here, I'm going to tell Crow that instead of seeing what's currently deployed, which is nothing, I want to do a new request for an asset. So I'm just going to switch from deployed assets to new assets.
James Jackson: Now, this right here is how those categories of asset types I was talking about show up. Before you even pick what's getting dropped off, you can categorize it. So if it's a dumpster, you go to dumpsters, if it's portable toilets, or in this case, if you know it's a customer who says, hey, I've got my own unit, I just need you to come out and clean it out sometimes, you just go right into customer-owned. That simple.
James Jackson: So I'm gonna go to end of service, and they want to have, let's say, this is where I'm gonna do the package deal. So they're looking to get a… they need a port-a-john, they also are gonna need an ADA, they're gonna need a hand wash station, and you know what? They have a tank that's.
Chi Ejimofor: Thank you.
James Jackson: service, too.
James Jackson: I tied 3 deliveries and a service of their existing tank all into the same job.
James Jackson: Now, after this, normally what I would do, and this is the part where I'm gonna decide how far down the dispatching road we go, but this is where you could also say, I know that Hino's gonna do all these jobs, and I need it done on Friday.
James Jackson: The moment I hit this button, everything's in the can. Every one of those deliveries here, each one is tracked separately, so if you have a different, invoice you have to do for the deliveries than you do for one thing, everything is kept separate, even though it's all in the same bucket.
James Jackson: Driver goes in there, he completes each job, which I'm gonna do real quick here as a dispatcher. And this is under the test account, by the way, so nothing we're doing is gonna hurt anything.
Chi Ejimofor: Nope.
James Jackson: So I completed a delivery, you can see here, we still have these other jobs to do. This one's been completed, they already have the ported jobs.
Chi Ejimofor: So you can… you can… man, so you can also… only this was done, only this was done, or whatever.
James Jackson: You know what?
James Jackson: I decided we're not gonna have you guys service our water tank, we have another company that's gonna take care of that, I'm just gonna delete that service.
James Jackson: We still have 2 more active jobs.
Chi Ejimofor: And it stays… and it stays in the thing.
James Jackson: Put it up here, because now that we did that, Crow knows they have a wastewater tank. Let's say 6 months down the line, they say, you know what, that company's stunk. We don't like them, we need you guys to service it. It's already sitting here. You go, yeah, no problem.
James Jackson: I'm just gonna click service, and now we're scheduling the service of your waste tank. Simple as that.
James Jackson: Easy in, easy out.
James Jackson: Now, even more so, let's say they're all done with their portable toilet. I'm gonna go ahead and… let's go ahead and complete this. Actually, I'm just gonna delete the last couple of these here. Delete, delete, delete. I want to clean up after myself. I was a Boy Scout.
Chi Ejimofor: Sure.
James Jackson: There we go. So, group is gone, I just deleted everything else in there. So now, that was a successful job, everything's going great, but they're all done with the construction, they tore down the motel, whatever it might be, and they say, we're all done, can you come pick up your portable toilet?
James Jackson: Now, in this case, let's even start from scratch. So let's do that again. Customer calls, hey, I'm Mr. Test, and I need you to come pick up my toilet. First thing I'm gonna do is search for the customer. I already know Mr. Test, we're good buddies, so I know he's in there. There he is right there. I click on it. Oh, I see your portable toilet right here, buddy. I can go and schedule that. You click pickup. When do you want us to pick it up?
James Jackson: I want you to pick it up right away, pick it up today, okay? We're gonna pick it up at today. I'll even tell Crow, I need this picked up in the next half hour. So by 1.30, you better have this toilet picked up.
James Jackson: Done.
James Jackson: Boop!
James Jackson: If the, if the driver was assigned, if I told it that, let's say Pedro's gonna do that job, I could even see the driver name right there. As soon as I hit save, I'm not gonna do it, because it would confuse him. It would show up on his list, like, hey, you have a new job for the Crow Test account, you gotta go pick up their toilet.
Chi Ejimofor: Dope.
James Jackson: That is kind of a rapid-fire little showcase there, but that is, like, the bread and butter of what you do in Crow. Dropping things off, scheduling them. One major difference between portable toilets and dumpsters, though, is usually when you drop off a toilet, you're also gonna route it. You're gonna tell Crow that from now on, this is gonna be a Wednesday toilet, a Friday toilet.
Chi Ejimofor: Whatever it might be.
James Jackson: Twice a week, three times a week service. That's one of the main ways that portables are completely different than dumpsters.
Chi Ejimofor: Hmm.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, so the PJs… okay, so you have, yeah, you have the recurring.
James Jackson: Yes, the recurring, exactly right.
James Jackson: And you know what? I'll even give you a quick little skip to the end spoiler. If I go to our routes page, these are the fixed automated routes that Desert Services Port-a-Johns uses right now.
James Jackson: Albert Friday, Albert Thursday, I could even click on it and see all those stops.
James Jackson: Here's everybody that Albert services every Tuesday.
James Jackson: Which, really, quite honestly, even if by clicking on it, you can see here, a route isn't anything more complicated than a collection of services that happen every week. That's it.
Chi Ejimofor: I do.
James Jackson: Auto-dispatch, you could even optimize, which…
James Jackson: Yeah, this looks pretty well optimized to me, it's not too bad, I've seen worse. 6, 7, 1, 2, 3, okay, this one's already been optimized. I was gonna say, maybe we'll save that for another day, we even have automatic optimizations, or if you dump a bunch of random customers into a route, we'll optimize it so it gets done as quickly as possible.
Chi Ejimofor: Man, so I'm… well, first of all, I should ask some… just the basic…
James Jackson: Come on for a bit, you go ahead.
Chi Ejimofor: Well, yeah, well, I just have, like, some overall things.
James Jackson: If I could.
Chi Ejimofor: I'm gonna…
James Jackson: into that.
Chi Ejimofor: Go ahead, sure.
James Jackson: I hate to interrupt you, but I just want to say, to be honest, that is, like, the bread and butter right there. I have more things I could show you, but if that's all that I showed you, you'd have a good idea of what Crow does.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
James Jackson: Okay, now it's your turn.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, it's insane.
James Jackson: here, I got nothing else, and I'm like, oh, I have to show you this. I'm pretty good on that.
Chi Ejimofor: Well, I guess that's the first question, is how… how long, if I was like, alright… I mean, Andy, I don't know if you guys are… I don't know if… I don't know what… I don't know if they're charging for it, or what, but yeah, how long would it take to get into, like, alright, I want to see… I want to go through the CRM, I want to go through… I just want to go through…
Chi Ejimofor: a lot of stuff. Yeah, how do you guys do the training? I'm, you know, you're a human, and you guys have, I'm sure, like… yeah, how do you do it? How does it… how do… is it charged? I don't know how they pay for it, yeah.
James Jackson: No, that's a great question, great question. Right off the bat, let me tell you what. When it comes to Crow, we don't charge for any training or any support calls or anything like that at all. That's not how we.
Chi Ejimofor: Right.
James Jackson: So you can do 10,000 hours with us. It's gonna be grueling, but we could do it, and we're not gonna charge you extra for it.
Chi Ejimofor: This has been fun, Sean.
James Jackson: I think so, too.
Chi Ejimofor: There we go.
James Jackson: The other thing is, when it comes to training, we do usually kind of favor doing one-on-one trainings, even, like, you know, camera to camera, be able to, like, connect with you like that. But we do have some, sort of offline, I guess, automated sort of things.
James Jackson: We used to run what we called Crow University, and actually, I built it myself from the ground up. We ran it for about a year and a half, and we started getting more and more providers that wanted to get back into the one-on-one, so we still have Crow University courses. If you wanted something automated, I could send you even some PowerPoints, where it goes through and it says, like, here's how you create a new job request, and it'll go through it step-by-step with you.
Chi Ejimofor: The Crow University, is that, like, is it on-demand videos?
James Jackson: It's PowerPoint presentations, yeah. Originally, we had a whole software setup where you would go through there and it would say, hey, you've achieved your third rank in this, you know, all that kind of stuff.
Chi Ejimofor: Fair.
James Jackson: We don't have that anymore, that was a little too elaborate, I guess, for people. But we do still have the PowerPoints, so we can do more of these, we sit down, we can do a full-on dispatching training, show you everything you need to know about that, or I could even send you those other PowerPoints, and you could just go through it at your leisure.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, let's do the PowerPoints, and then I'll probably… you know, I'm sure I'll have… the PowerPoints, you have everything in it, probably.
James Jackson: Pretty much. It shows you… we used to use the PowerPoints, and therefore, I say, about a year, year and a half, we didn't have to do very much one-on-one training at all. People would go through the PowerPoints, and they knew what they were doing.
Chi Ejimofor: and so on.
James Jackson: I designed it.
Chi Ejimofor: That's what I try to go for. That would be great. Yeah, that would be a good start, because I'll just… yeah, I'll… and then… and then the… maybe the follow-up would just be, like, me, okay, just double-checking some stuff. Okay. And then how do you charge… I mean, how does this… how do you charge for the… is it per user for the whole software? Is it per…
James Jackson: Question 2.
Chi Ejimofor: account…
James Jackson: Well, I will tell you, other companies do charge by a bunch of different things. You can have X amount of users, X amount of customers, I'm sure you're familiar. The only thing that Crow, like, really limits you, like, you only have X amount in the system, or else we're gonna charge you more, is the number of active trucks.
James Jackson: So however many trucks are in the system doing jobs, that's what we base, our limitations on. If you want to have, like, right now, let's see, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. Exactly 10. Desert Services Port-A-John's division is paying for 10 trucks to have in the system. If they want to add a truck, it will slightly increase their monthly fee. If they want to remove a couple of trucks, it'll even lower their fee for them.
James Jackson: But beyond that, you could have unlimited customers, routes, users, dispatchers, drivers, everything else is completely unlimited.
Chi Ejimofor: Sick.
James Jackson: And we did decide.
Chi Ejimofor: design it that way because it's so different than how most other people in our software industry do it. Yeah.
James Jackson: They will nickel and dime you for every click you make, I swear.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, shit. What's the geo? Like, well, you should just fly through two things… No, that's okay.
James Jackson: Let's jump into it. Okay, so what Geotab is, and actually me clicking on it isn't going to do anything, because Desert Services does not use Geotab. Okay. But in a nutshell, Crow offers GPS tracking, which I wonder, actually, I'm going to see right now if your drivers are GPS tracking. I bet they are. Okay, well, Davian was tracked today.
James Jackson: Actually, I'm gonna switch over to dark mode…
James Jackson: Yeah, so check this out. This is, Davian's tracking for today.
James Jackson: Everywhere he went today, even where he last left off when Crow saw him, was right here, literally on this street. All of this tracking right now is happening with the driver's app. So as long as the driver's logged into our app and is doing his jobs throughout the day, which every single driver usually is, we're gonna track them throughout the day. When they close the app, by the way, just because some drivers ask about it, when they close the app, we stop tracking. It's only while the app is open.
Chi Ejimofor: thing.
James Jackson: Now, you might be like, why is James talking about GPS tracking? That's because of Geotab.
James Jackson: The tracking we offer is based on the app, and for some providers, that's not accurate enough. Like, if they leave their phone in the truck, Crow doesn't know that they walked away from the truck, that kind of thing. Also, it doesn't track, like, fleet tracking features. It doesn't tell you, you know, how much oil they have left, if they need a gas, anything like that. That's what Geotab does. Geotab is a fleet tracking thing, and they literally give you a hardware device to plug into the diagnostic.
Chi Ejimofor: Oh, okay.
James Jackson: That is…
Chi Ejimofor: Extra… Hardware. Okay. Yeah.
James Jackson: Oh. So, we are not Geotab, but we do work with Geotab. If you use Geotab, or if you.
Chi Ejimofor: I wanna use that.
James Jackson: We will tie their tracking data into Crow.
Chi Ejimofor: Just like an integration.
James Jackson: Exactly.
Chi Ejimofor: And it has… and it has all that extra car stuff and every… it has, like, an objective everything. Okay.
James Jackson: Exactly. It provides all the things that our simple GPS tracking doesn't provide.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep.
Chi Ejimofor: That's… so, and then, that was… I had that at the very beginning. Clock in, clock out.
James Jackson: Yes.
Chi Ejimofor: So that's just open the… technically, it's open the app.
Chi Ejimofor: Leave… and then you're doing the work, leave it open, and then when you are done, then you close the app.
James Jackson: For the most part, there is one… yeah, there's one extra step you take that kicks it in, and the reason why I was kind of clicking without telling you what I was doing, I can tell by looking at this.
James Jackson: Oh, no, they are! There's some activity here. Oh, but they're not clicking in or out. Okay. What I'm looking at, just to give you an idea, this is the activity log for all your drivers.
James Jackson: I can tell by looking at this, which I'm gonna click through real quick… no, I don't see it. Okay, so we do have a function where they can start and end their shift every single day. The drivers for Desert Services are not using that function right now.
James Jackson: So yes, we can literally track the moment they start their day and the moment they end their day, if they're using that feature. Otherwise, we can still track their activity, we just don't know, like, as a bookend, when exactly, to the minute, their day started and ended. I can tell the last job that Albert did was at 1.55,
James Jackson: And I can tell the first job he did was at 448, so I can tell that, but that's just based on activity.
James Jackson: So, and…
Chi Ejimofor: I wonder why we're not using that, yeah.
James Jackson: If you want to let them know, yeah, even if, like, you mentioned that, and the higher-ups go, well, I wish we were using that.
Chi Ejimofor: I'll do a ride-along. Is it easy to… I mean, so if I, like, if I just download the app, I mean, I can play along. I mean, I can, like, play along, I guess. It's, like, how it works, okay.
James Jackson: 100%. Here's what I would even recommend, and I'm even looking at it now, it looks like… yeah, I believe… oh, just about, just about all done for the day. I'm looking at the daily truck list right now. All these faded-out jobs are completed jobs by all the drivers, Davian, Dennison, everybody else, Aram. So, it looks like the drivers are just about done for the day.
James Jackson: What I would suggest to you is you could, I could even do it for you with you right now if you want, create your own driver account, and then when the drivers are done for the day, assign yourself to a truck.
James Jackson: And I only say when they're done for the day, because otherwise, you'll be taking them off the truck, and they go, hey, what happened to all my jobs that I had still left to do? You know what I mean? So wait till they're done, log into the truck, kind of sneak in there, log into the app, feel free to poke around.
James Jackson: There's not really any damage you can do in the app. You can't delete customers or anything like that.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, yeah, I'll look into that.
James Jackson: Which, like I said, if you want, it only takes about 30 seconds, I can make you a driver account right now, it's completely free.
Chi Ejimofor: And then I would just be able to, yeah, I could just… I can…
James Jackson: Since we're recording, too? Yeah, let's just go through the process real quick, it takes just a second.
James Jackson: Alright, so I'm gonna create a new driver account.
James Jackson: Luckily, Zoom gave me your full name. I just typed it right in.
Chi Ejimofor: Easy, easy.
James Jackson: Email address… actually, you don't need an email address, we can skip that part for now.
James Jackson: Let's do, for your username, we could even just put…
James Jackson: Gee, I bet. I bet nobody's taken that before.
James Jackson: And password, I'll give you something really, really simple. Let's do Desert01…
James Jackson: Let's see there… Desert01, I'm gonna make that your password, okay, if you want to jot that down? And we can change it later if we have to, don't worry.
Chi Ejimofor: Sure, sure, sure.
James Jackson: Let's see here, which truck do we want to put you on today?
James Jackson: Well, let me go look again. Let's see which truck has pretty much been done for the day. It's not gonna hurt anything me just doing this part here, but, Albert's still working… the Kenworth is free right now. Aram is done for the day. So I'm just gonna tell Crow, you can drive the Kenworth. That's all that is.
James Jackson: Everything else in here, I'm not gonna go into much of the details. There's a lot more, you could probably get… you see a pattern here. In Crow, you can keep it simple, or if you want to get really detailed, we can let you do that too.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep.
James Jackson: There you go, you have your own account right there.
James Jackson: Is this a web app, or is it an app?
James Jackson: It is a app, so it's like Android or iOS app, but since you asked the question, technically it is like a browser window. You can log into the driver's app from any browser if you want to.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay.
James Jackson: In a pinch.
Chi Ejimofor: Oh, it's called… it's called Crow for Drivers.
James Jackson: That's it? Oh, are you on an iPhone?
Chi Ejimofor: Yep.
James Jackson: Yeah, okay. I was gonna say, the one for Android's called Crow Legacy Driver, the one for iPhone's called Crow for Drivers. Yeah, go ahead and download it, and while you're doing that, because I'm not really doing a training session, I'm not gonna explain too much what I'm doing, but I am going to add you as a possible driver.
Chi Ejimofor: And will it remove… I guess you… will it remove… I don't know, I don't wanna… I don't wanna mess up anything. I guess, is it easy to, like, off… I don't know.
James Jackson: Easy to swap out. Oh, yeah, 100%. So, that's what I'm thinking. If nothing else, let me give you a quick little glimpse into there, and then we can put Aaron right back on that truck again.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, she… okay, so it's my email… what's the… what's the username?
James Jackson: I just made it literally CHI. That's your whole login. CHI, and then, desert. Now, there are security things on the password, so make sure you do a capital D for desert, 0, 1, exclamation point.
Chi Ejimofor: You don't think it's given.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, cool.
Chi Ejimofor: There we go.
Chi Ejimofor: Look at that.
Chi Ejimofor: Always allow, or while using. We always allow.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, so it's got start, shift, and you're…
James Jackson: That's it. The stark shift, by the way, what you just did is what the other drivers at Desert Services aren't doing. They're not starting and ending their shift.
Chi Ejimofor: So you start seeing that? Yeah.
James Jackson: regular hours.
Chi Ejimofor: So, technically… so, I guess…
James Jackson: What's a slider, by the way, if you want to slide to start a shift?
Chi Ejimofor: I'm scared, okay.
Chi Ejimofor: No, you can't hurt anything in there, don't worry. What I'll even do, you know what? I'm gonna do you one better. I'm gonna give you an actual test job real quick here. That pickup of the port-a-john we were talking about earlier, I'm gonna assign that to you.
James Jackson: Let's see, which truck do you want? Oh, there you are, you're on that truck right there.
James Jackson: Alright.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, so I see… I clicked into the truck, okay, so…
James Jackson: I'm gonna do, I'm gonna really…
Chi Ejimofor: I actually didn't one.
James Jackson: I'm gonna log in as you into the app, too. We're both gonna be logged in as you.
Chi Ejimofor: There you go.
James Jackson: Okay…
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, so you can log in… okay, so it's a desk.
James Jackson: This is the browser, yeah, that's what I was mentioning. Technically, you can log in with the browser, and the app you're using right now is technically a little browser window into this app.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep.
James Jackson: This is what you should be seeing right now.
James Jackson: 61 truck right there.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep, yep, yep.
James Jackson: If you open the truck.
James Jackson: This is what a… the pickup of that portage on that we scheduled for the test account, this is exactly what it would look like.
James Jackson: And even if you open that up, which I'm… there's… like, with everything else, there's a lot more to the driver's app I could show you, we're just making it really simple right now.
James Jackson: But you could even tap on the address on your phone right now if you want to, and get directions to where that customer's located.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep, right there, boom. In there?
James Jackson: There's a start slider to let Crow know. It's huge on my browser, but on yours, it's a lot smaller.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, yeah.
James Jackson: As you know, that's when the job was started, and we do specifically keep that separate from the complete button, because now when you start it, Crow is counting in the background. How long did this job actually take?
Chi Ejimofor: If…
James Jackson: And I'll even let you do the next part. If you want to complete that pickup.
James Jackson: Just gotta tap on complete, it's gonna say, are you sure you want to do that? And you're like, yes, you do. And now, your jobs are done for the day.
Chi Ejimofor: That's over.
James Jackson: That easy. That's how simple we keep the driver's app.
Chi Ejimofor: And that would be the.
James Jackson: The same for dumpsters, that'd be the same for portable toilets. You're given a job, you're dropping off a dumpster, you're servicing a toilet, you complete it, done for the day.
Chi Ejimofor: And how do I… okay, so then I can call… I can call somebody if I… how do I… can I end my shift somehow?
James Jackson: You can, okay, yes.
Chi Ejimofor: Oh, look at that, select status at the top, so I see break, lunch, stop, all this stuff, and…
James Jackson: Which is the final one. That right there, if you would even just take from this one meeting we had here to have all the drivers there end their shift at the end of the day.
Chi Ejimofor: I was like, how are they… how are they getting past this thing? It's on my main…
James Jackson: Now, that's the kicker. If you end a shift, you always have to start a new shift.
James Jackson: So it's like, that's what gets the ball rolling, is you end your shift.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, so they're not… so they probably just… they started this for one day, and they never ended it, okay.
James Jackson: If you were to track the hours of your drivers, it'd say, Albert has worked 1,000 hours today, because he's never clocked out.
Chi Ejimofor: I see. So it really is just… Starshift…
James Jackson: Do your job. And then do whatever.
Chi Ejimofor: If you want to take your breaks, take your breaks.
Chi Ejimofor: And then you get back here, you end it, and then it's good. And then that's for hours. Exactly.
James Jackson: What I'll even do, check this out. One of the reports I just showed you a second ago, that, where you can track the activity.
James Jackson: If I come in here, so remember how I was clicking through, going, oh, I can tell that nobody is using the shift feature? Watch when I go to your account.
James Jackson: Green and red.
Chi Ejimofor: I was looking…
James Jackson: That tells me you ended your shift at 2.15, you did start another shift, and you ended it again at 2.17. Every little bit of activity you were doing in there, even selecting your truck, we tracked.
Chi Ejimofor: And then it has my fifth time right on the side right there.
James Jackson: All right there. And this is just for today. Let's see what was going on yesterday. Boom, here's all the stuff from yesterday. That simple. Now, check this out. This is actually a clear indicator. You see how there's, like, negative times on here?
James Jackson: Those are negative because Albert has, or Aram in this case, has not started a shift. It's trying to gauge, okay, well, they started at this time, they did it at this time, it took this long, but since it doesn't have a starting point, it's throwing out negative numbers. It's like, I don't know what to do with these hours, but here's what I got, you know?
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, so that would… because of that, now we're not really able to track the customer… Not closely. Whatever that thing is, it's not accurate, accurate. Right.
James Jackson: It's still finagling. You see how it still came out with 11 hours?
Chi Ejimofor: For sure.
James Jackson: 13 minutes, but where he got that from was going off of when he started his jobs, when he finished his last job. It's trying its best to calculate that day, but if he had a start-end shift, it would know exactly what those hours are.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
James Jackson: And all it would take is the Desert Services drivers ending their shift at the end of the day, it would kick all that into gear.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, and then billing and CRM, if you had 2 seconds. With CRM, I mean, is it full CRM? What is this thing?
James Jackson: I'm glad you know what a CRM is. Believe it or not, this is a bad timing for the Crow CRM. We're just moving over to a new one. So, the current one right here.
Chi Ejimofor: You guys are, like, rebuilding it? What does that mean?
James Jackson: You can even see the message right there. It's letting you know, we are currently working on a new CRM, so our old… I'm even gonna go and take the liberty of calling it our old one, is not available anymore.
Chi Ejimofor: Is there a timeline on that?
James Jackson: I wish. I know it's ASAP.
Chi Ejimofor: Did they… when did they start? I mean, I guess they've been working on it for a while, okay. Don't forget about that for now.
James Jackson: No, that's okay, and actually, if you know CRMs, if you're familiar with it, we're gonna be using, GoHighLevel. That's what we're.
Chi Ejimofor: Whoa.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, so you're… okay, I do… I mean, that's a… yeah, it's a full, you know, marketing…
James Jackson: The whole suite. Oh, yeah. And you… believe you me, we shopped around for about a year to find a good company to integrate with, and it was GoHighLevel. So eventually, if you know GoHighLevel, you're gonna know our CRM.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep, so it'll be… you click on that tab, and it'll be kind of go-high-level interface thing.
James Jackson: But the main, kind of, key to the integration is that when you do something in GoHighLevel using our Crow integration, it's going to do it also in Crow. So if you have a lead in GoHighLevel, you say, promote this lead to a customer, it'll create the customer account in Crow.
Chi Ejimofor: straight.
James Jackson: It'll be a very close-knit integration.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, and then billing. What is billing? Okay, so…
James Jackson: Two different sides to it. We'll do, like, we'll start off with, like, a roll-off version of billing. They both use portable toilets, roll-offs, whatever it is, they all use the same billing system, they just use it a little differently.
James Jackson: For the roll-off way, one of our big selling points in Crow Billing is it's activity-based, so if you schedule a delivery, we're gonna charge a delivery for that customer for that VIN. Like, without you having to tell it to, it's gonna generate a charge for that delivery. Same for services. If you do a dump and return on a dumpster, you add your weights, you add your materials, it automatically calculates everything, and you generate an invoice based on that. So all the clicking you're doing on dispatching and all the activity the drivers are doing are
James Jackson: We're automatically building up your invoices for you.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep.
James Jackson: The main difference is, for roll-off customers, they're gonna say, I'm done with this job, click, click, click, click, make the invoice. For portable toilets, especially the long-term portable toilets, you don't have to click on anything. You say, here's the customer's schedule, we're gonna service them once a week, and every month, you automatically get an invoice that covers the entire month.
James Jackson: That's the recur billing.
James Jackson: In a nutshell, that is the billing. I can show you it, but it's… that one's even more complicated than the dispatch side is.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, and one of the PowerPoints goes all through.
James Jackson: All in depth, oh yeah. It shows you everything.
Chi Ejimofor: Customer schedule, yeah, because she… the lady who does billing was like, yeah, the roll-off is easy, but PJ's hard, so we don't even, you know, I don't know. It's more complicated, but you know what's… I don't know what she's doing.
James Jackson: If I may, Chi, I think that I could probably show you how to use the billing on the portable toilets. You'd probably be just fine with it. It is a little more complicated. You're dealing with schedules, you're dealing with arrears versus, you know, advanced billing. It is a different ballgame, but…
James Jackson: I've done that training at this point, probably a few hundred times. I could definitely show you how to do that. It is possible. We have hundreds of companies right now using the billing for portable toilets.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: And then, okay, and you're… do you charge some of these, categories on the side separately? Billing, or CRM, or any of these…
James Jackson: All-inclusive. Yeah, the only thing we base the charges on is the trucks. Now, I will say, I'm pretty sure there is going to be an additional charge for the CRM. I don't know what that will be, I'm not even sure if it's going to be there, but that is the one exception. There may be an extra charge for that, but everything else you're seeing on the screen? No additional charge.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: And when we say billing, without going too deep, does it, like, you're spitting out an invoice, or you're spitting out a quote or something that you can then… does it… yeah, okay.
James Jackson: The quotes, we don't have in the billing part, that's actually part of the CRM. So, as of right now, you can build quotes, it's just not automated. It's not like, click, click, send a quote. You gotta kind of finagle it together a little bit, and that's something that we are struggling with. We're really trying to push out the CRM. One of the main reasons is for quotes. We want to make it really easy to send a quote.
James Jackson: But what I did right now is I went into the Desert Services roll-off, and I'm gonna be taking a look here for just a second. Come on, here we go. I'm gonna try to get into theirs. I'm pretty sure they do use it for the billing side, they use it for the roll-off, so I'm gonna see how they're operating right now.
James Jackson: Sorry, one more time. What I'm doing right now, by the way, is logging into the account.
James Jackson: Where if you were… even right now, if you were doing both dumpsters and portable toilets, you would have to log out of one, and then log into the other, and vice versa. That's what I literally just did. So…
James Jackson: Oh, I don't see any invoices on here. Do they have some from last month?
James Jackson: So I can tell right now, they are not currently using the billing system. And this is all included. Okay. Okay, I went back to 2020. Here's some invoices from 2020. Alright, alright. I had to go all the way back to find some.
James Jackson: So essentially, man, I really want to get with Desert Services and help them with their billing, because they could be really utilizing this.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
James Jackson: This is an invoice that was generated. There was a term, a final of a 40 yard that they billed for. They didn't charge anything for it, that's kind of interesting. There's a $0 price on it. Hold on, hold on, now I'm getting curious. Okay, here's one that has $450. That was a $450 charge for the emptied and return on June 22nd, 2023.
James Jackson: In a nutshell, I'm glad that at least I got to show you that. That is basically how the billing's gonna work as far as activity-based. And the reason why I emphasize that, the toilets are still technically activity-based, but you don't usually charge so much for the activity of the toilet, as opposed to the monthly fee for having a toilet. That's more the focus on it. Dumpsters, it's all activity. If you're dumping it, you gotta know the tonnage, you gotta know the overage, you gotta know everything about it.
James Jackson: So this is, as far as roll-offs go, it's usually pretty much as simple as that. You have a job, you select the job, and you invoice for it. And even as I'm looking at it, all of these jobs are all for this Zeto issue.
Chi Ejimofor: It looks like, yeah, maybe it was a tester, I don't know what… and when it's.
James Jackson: Yeah, it looks like.
Chi Ejimofor: Payment… when it says receive payment, it's like… what does that.
James Jackson: Man.
Chi Ejimofor: What is that? Like, close to leisure.
James Jackson: There, sorry, I find one that said receive payment, yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, sure.
James Jackson: So, we have 3 ways… Go ahead.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, but… We got 3 ways of processing payments in Crow?
James Jackson: We have what, right now, this is kind of set up for. I don't believe they're integrated. No, they're not. So we have a payment processing system that we've integrated with, kind of like with Geotab, where you can actually save customers, like, debit cards and credit cards to their accounts. You can run their cards right through Crow Billing without even leaving the Crow Billing system. You can do all that.
Chi Ejimofor: Wow.
James Jackson: Or, you can also integrate into QuickBooks. So we can also integrate with both QuickBooks Online or QuickBooks Desktop. So whatever is preferred, as far as processing goes, those are the three options we do.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, we use QuickBooks, but we use a terrible… I don't know what enterprise weird thing we have going on, but…
James Jackson: Oh, man.
Chi Ejimofor: But you do… but you do integrate with QuickBooks, and theoretically, you could press a button, and it would, like, I don't know, go into QuickBooks or something, and it's like, you know, you're…
James Jackson: You know what? Since I'm not doing a training, I'm doing more of a demo, let me go back into our test system, I'll show you exactly what it looks like.
James Jackson: Allow access… I'm gonna have to do the logout, log in thing again, hold on. Billing… back in one more time.
James Jackson: Which, we do this at the.
Chi Ejimofor: Oh, so there's, like, two… okay, so there's, like, a billing… so the billing is, like, a separate, like…
James Jackson: It's a module, as they call it, yeah. It uses the exact same database, it's the exact same data, but it is a separate module. That's why you gotta re-login.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep, okay.
James Jackson: Alright, so I'm looking…
Chi Ejimofor: No.
James Jackson: Good, good, good. I gotta say, I appreciate you're kind of technically inclined, to explain some of the more, you know, deeper concepts with you. You're like, oh, I know what that is, yeah, I know what a CRM is, no problem. I appreciate that.
James Jackson: Okay, so the reason why I went here, first off, this is our test account that is lo- it's connected to QuickBooks Desktop, you can see that right there. For here, if I have an invoice that's ready to go to QuickBooks, you'll notice I don't have a receive payment button. I have a literally send to QuickBooks button.
James Jackson: And we even have, if I were to have… I'll even show you a whole bunch at once. Let's go back and show a bunch of invoices. Okay, I could even select every single invoice on the page right now, and send all of those to QuickBooks all at once.
Chi Ejimofor: stop.
Chi Ejimofor: Let's see.
James Jackson: And that's either for QuickBooks Desktop or for QuickBooks Online, we can do that.
Chi Ejimofor: That's sick.
Chi Ejimofor: Dang.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, I'm gonna have some fun in these PowerPoints. I tell you, you're gonna.
James Jackson: They'll come back with some, with some ammo, too. They're like, so what'd you learn? You'd be like, oh, man, let me.
Chi Ejimofor: I'm gonna be like, replace everything with… no, I was… I had a feeling there was, like.
Chi Ejimofor: There's a couple things that we use where I'm like, you know, I hear about it, I'm like.
Chi Ejimofor: We're paying for a bunch of things that, that…
Chi Ejimofor: they kind of overlap, and I'm like, you know, they're even… they're thinking about bringing in a separate app for, you know, or they have it, actually. So I'm, like, looking at some of these things. It's interesting to see it,
Chi Ejimofor: working. And I'm wondering what the issues that they had before, I think…
James Jackson: I'm curious, too.
Chi Ejimofor: they had…
Chi Ejimofor: or probably more with, not more, I want to say, I don't know, user behavior versus the app. I wonder, like.
Chi Ejimofor: You know, to get people to… to get people to, like, hey, hit the button, my boy, you know? Yeah.
James Jackson: Oh, no, Welcome to the choir here.
Chi Ejimofor: Probably two different things, so…
James Jackson: Now, I will say one thing that, and it's just because we come across it sometimes, we have so many people using Crow Billing every single day, almost every single one of our clients is using Crow Billing every single day, but we do occasionally run into where a company says, well, we need to invoice, which we can handle. They say, but I need to be able to do A, and then if A happens, B also has to happen, then C, D, and E.
Chi Ejimofor: You know what I mean?
James Jackson: convoluted that it's like, we can do that, you guys, but it's not gonna do it automatically. It doesn't know that you guys need to do those special arrangements for your billing.
James Jackson: So, to be transparent, I have come across some providers where it's like, I don't know if you guys are gonna be able to use billing. It's not gonna… you guys have kind of a strange way that you invoice for stuff. And even then, usually we can still find a way to make it work, but it is built more for, you do a job, you bill for a job, or you bill every month because you have a toilet, that kind of thing.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, but even just, like, an easy interface where, like, I mean, theoretically, I mean, if I'm a project manager to, like, you know, hey, I'm gonna bill… let me bill for my jobs, you know, so… Yeah. I mean, it's separate, it's separated right now, but, like, whereas, yeah, it makes,
Chi Ejimofor: if it's at least a simple thing where it's like, this is what was done, now go put it somewhere, like, that's even a… I feel like that could be a W.
James Jackson: That's probably also why, over there, like, it was Karen or whoever it might have been, was saying how, that the roll-off side is really easy to build. It's all just…
James Jackson: Click Invoice, click, click, invoice. It's when you get into the recur billing, portable toilets, even things like doing municipal garbage. If you have, like, a 96-gallon can that you're servicing, you're gonna have thousands of those, and you have to keep track of every single one, you have to bill every single customer on the month. So it does get more complicated with recur billing. I can definitely vouch for that.
James Jackson: Doable, but more complicated.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah. And I guess, I guess since you've been doing it for a long time, just in general, I don't want to take up too much more of your time. Oh, that's right. How long, like, so billing training, it's like an hour, probably, to get through everything, like, clean?
James Jackson: Depends, it's between an hour and an hour and two hours, usually, yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: Wanda, okay.
James Jackson: You know, I can give you a quick little rundown, actually. We do multiple trainings, as you know. The first training is usually what we call the admin training, and that's like a meet and greet. This is Crow, this is how Crow works, this is how you add users and customers.
Chi Ejimofor: That's, like, I got… I got a kind of an admin one, yeah.
James Jackson: That's, like, the fundamentals is basically what we show you. And that normally takes anywhere from half an hour to maybe, like, 45 minutes an hour, and that's only dependent on if they have, like, a thousand questions. You know, how do I do this? How do I do that? How do I do this? That's what tends to make it be a bit longer. If it's really clean cut, I've done an admin training in 20 minutes before.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep.
James Jackson: After that, there's the dispatching training. That's probably the second longest training we do, because that is how to create jobs, edit jobs, dispatch jobs, re-optimize jobs. It's everything you could ever have to do with a job that takes, like, an hour or two.
James Jackson: Usually about an hour.
James Jackson: And then we do a driver's app training, where we show you everything about the driver's app, everything you could ever possibly need to know about it. That takes, like, half an hour. It's a very simplistic app.
Chi Ejimofor: You already got kind of a hint at that. It's breezy. Yeah, it's a chill, it's not… yeah, it's…
James Jackson: I've even done a roll-off driver's app training in 10 minutes. It is so quick.
James Jackson: And then, there's the billing training. Now, that's also assuming we don't do a routes training. If we do a routing training, that's about an hour, and that's just focused on how to work with your routes. And that only… I mean, roll-off companies rarely do that training.
James Jackson: And then finally, the billing training, yes, takes anywhere between an hour and two hours. Those are the most involved trainings, and even those, a lot of times, we'll split them into two trainings, just because there's a lot to take in.
Chi Ejimofor: You said the Roush training is, like, an hour?
James Jackson: Yeah, maybe an hour.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay.
Chi Ejimofor: Because that is interesting, because we… yeah, we have inspectors that…
Chi Ejimofor: You know, they go out to look at our…
Chi Ejimofor: Technically, they're going out to look at all of the SWIP equipment that we did install, or that somebody else installed, so technically, it is all an asset. Yeah. And yeah, I mean, we're paying for another… we just started paying for an app for them to start using, so it's like a…
James Jackson: Yeah, oh, shoot.
Chi Ejimofor: Interest… it's an interesting, you know… well, Whoa, dang, I don't… I guess real, if… if you wanted people to fill out something, or, I don't know, an inspection or something, is there anything…
Chi Ejimofor: for them to fill out or do anything… do any… do on the app, if, for example, I don't know, they go… they go on site, you know, they're supposed to install 100 feet of fence, they only install 10, is there, like, a thing in a job to be like, hey, you know, we only put in, like, just put in a number, or, you know, something…
James Jackson: Yeah, yeah, I gotcha, yeah. We actually have almost too many ways to leave notes. That's most likely what would happen, the driver could leave a driver's note.
Chi Ejimofor: Would you agree more.
James Jackson: It permanently attaches to the work order.
Chi Ejimofor: Yup.
James Jackson: We also have notes that are from the dispatcher to the driver, we have billing notes, we have customer portal notes, we have notes just about everywhere in Crow, and that's usually what we recommend. If there's something especially, like, out of the ordinary that happens, you want to leave a note about it.
James Jackson: And we don't delete any of the historical data in Crow. Like I said, we have stuff from back in 2014, 2015 that we still have in the database.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep.
James Jackson: So they leave a note, we're not getting rid of it.
Chi Ejimofor: That's very interesting. Yeah, okay. Yeah, I'll, I'll look for your, your commu… your, how big are the, how big are these, the power ports? I'm like, geez, how, what, what, what…
James Jackson: They're not so bad, they're not so bad. And, you know, when I first built them, they called an LMS, a learning management system. I'm not sure if you've ever heard of those, if you're familiar. About, I'd say, 3 or 4 years ago. I'd never even heard of that term before, and I was told by my managers here at Crow, hey, we gotta figure out a way to automate the training process, so figure it out.
James Jackson: And it was about 6 months later, I had Crow University, and it was every course, everything that you could do. It's even, like, interactive, of course, because it's PowerPoint, and it'll even make it to where it blocks the whole screen, except for the one place you're supposed to click.
James Jackson: So it'll say, like, okay, go ahead and click on the word customers. You're like, how do I… and then the only thing that activates the next slide is clicking on customers. So yeah, I put a lot of effort into that thing. And so, yeah, I'll make sure I get you a copy of that.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, that's sick. And I… do… You guys don't have any… there's no, like, test… I know she mentioned she… I don't know, she… I don't know if she wanted me to have a, I mean, I'm…
Chi Ejimofor: I'm smart, but no, I don't know if they wanted me to have, like, a… I'm talking… An ad… or, like, an account, because I don't know if she wanted me clicking around. I don't know if there's any, like, a level or a secret thing… not secret, but, like, another type of account or something where you can, like, look at stuff. I'm sure it may… if the power… yeah, yeah, exactly. That's the exact…
James Jackson: Gotcha. We… excuse me, we don't have a sandbox kind of option there for you, but… and I will be honest, too, we… I would create you a user right now, but I'd have to get some kind of, you know, okay from the higher-ups, but if I can't.
Chi Ejimofor: For sure.
James Jackson: We will make you an account, yeah, we could even technically limit your access to certain things you can or can't do. This is just a detailed list of, like, you can dispatch jobs to trucks, you can delete jobs, you can edit customer details. So even if they were like, yeah, we can give you an account, but I don't want you to break anything, we could still give you basic.
Chi Ejimofor: Like, you could uncheck, yeah, you could just… you could do a read-on.
James Jackson: We would uncheck everything. Yeah, you'd be able to click around, but you couldn't really change much.
James Jackson: Now, even if you did have an account where you could change things, that is specifically why we do the test accounts. Like, I've been really running through the wringer today, is because you could charge this customer a million dollars, and it's not going to hurt anything. Of course, they won't pay it, but it's not gonna hurt anything.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, I'll tell them, I'll ask her about the test account, but yeah, I'm sure that, you know, depending on the PowerPoints, I'll probably just, you know, I'll be able to get it in my bag enough to…
Chi Ejimofor: Ultimately, you know, we need… I need to probably see some stuff, but but short-term, you know, short-term will be good.
James Jackson: I'm with you.
James Jackson: If you want to have them, just double-check if they've… just say, is it okay if I get my own Crow account in the system? Let us know, and we'll make an account for you, or they can do it too. The administrators can add new users, and they probably already know how to do it, so they could even probably do it for you, but if not, we can help you out.
Chi Ejimofor: Cool. And then I saw your email right there. Is that… is it… but I also saw the lady that, like, kind of did the…
Chi Ejimofor: I don't know, set it up.
James Jackson: Oh, Jasmine, probably.
Chi Ejimofor: area.
James Jackson: Yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, so it's… is that the, like, reach out to the… that lady, and be like, hey, our…
James Jackson: When it comes to scheduling, yes. Yeah, if you have support questions, I can give you that email address, but if you have anything involving scheduling, like a training session, or a Q&A, or even, like, an overview like this, it's all gonna go through them.
James Jackson: And I'll even tell you, it used to be that Douglas and I were the main head, kind of, support and trainers over here. We used to do our own scheduling, and we were bad at it, man. We would, like, overlap, and then nobody was watching support for an hour. It was terrible. So we let them handle all the scheduling now.
Chi Ejimofor: There you go. How many people… how many guys you got over there? I guess a big.
James Jackson: You know, smaller than you might think. Yeah, we got a couple of heads that manage most of the support, and then we have some sort of fallbacks if we get really, really busy. Like, the last couple days have been kind of busy, so we've had some other people stepping in, too. But to be honest, most of our operations are a couple of guys, me and Douglas, we do most of the support.
Chi Ejimofor: Are you guys here, or no? Are you guys in Arizona? Where are you guys? Are you guys.
James Jackson: Oh, we're in Washington state.
Chi Ejimofor: Washington. Okay, Seattle.
James Jackson: quicker.
Chi Ejimofor: I don't know, Seattle, but…
James Jackson: Far away. Yeah, yeah. Here's our little town, it's Squim, Washington, and Seattle…
Chi Ejimofor: Oh, you guys are up… oh, man, you guys are up there. Okay.
James Jackson: Oh, it's like a 30-minute free ride to Canada.
Chi Ejimofor: That's sweet. Yeah, I used to live in Kirkland back in the… I mean, a few months ago.
James Jackson: His wife was born in Kirkland. That's where Costco gets their name from, is Kirkland.
Chi Ejimofor: Absolutely, yeah.
James Jackson: Yeah, yeah.
James Jackson: Very familiar, I love Seattle.
James Jackson: I was actually born and raised in LA, but I moved up here back in, 2000? Yeah, about 2000?
Chi Ejimofor: So you do all the… you're an outdoors guy, if you have to be, if you live up there.
James Jackson: You can't.
Chi Ejimofor: We moved up there. Yeah, it's just every, every weekend, you guys are… are you, like, a specific genre? Are you, like, a rock climber, or, like, a spec… you know, biker, or hike, you know, a specific one, or are you just…
James Jackson: I'm a big pedestrian, I like walking and hiking, you know, I never skip leg day, every day is leg day for me.
Chi Ejimofor: There you go.
James Jackson: Kayaking, I love kayaking. You can probably see already with all the waterways around here, we have amazing kayaking. You get orcas up here, man. It's beautiful.
Chi Ejimofor: Dang.
James Jackson: Yeah, I love.
Chi Ejimofor: Do you have enough time? Are you working all the time these days, or in general, or do you have time to actually get outside?
James Jackson: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, you know, we're the usual, like, well, I would say 9 to 5. It's like a 7 to 2.30… 7 to 3 is kind of what I'd.
Chi Ejimofor: Well, you know, it's like a software, you guys are like a software company, or you are a software company.
James Jackson: Oh, yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: So it's like, you know, what is that? Well, the 22 is…
James Jackson: We're in a town of maybe, like, 10,000 people. It's a tiny little town, man. I mean, I've lived in big cities, small cities, but anytime somebody asks me, like, where do you work? And I say, a software company here in town? They go, we have a software company in town?
James Jackson: We don't work with anybody local. The closest local we work with is over here in Port Townsend, like, quite a ways away, but that's usually how it goes. When you run a big company, you rarely work with your local yokels, you know. We work with people all the way in Cancun, but we don't work with anybody in Squim.
Chi Ejimofor: That's crazy. That's cool, man. Yeah. I love this. Yeah, you guys have a good thing.
James Jackson: Thank you. Yeah, we're really proud of it.
Chi Ejimofor: There's only… there's only… there's a couple…
Chi Ejimofor: Well, yeah, it's like niche, right? I think the best softwares are the ones that are, like, niche, that are actually, hey, this is… you are focused on this exact thing, and you…
James Jackson: Exactly.
Chi Ejimofor: Knock that specific… those problems, like, fucking…
James Jackson: asset. That's why, even at.
Chi Ejimofor: Out of the park.
James Jackson: When I was like, conceptually, really all that Crow does is track assets really well.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
James Jackson: That's basically what we focus on. That could be anything as far as an asset goes. Oh, yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: That's interesting. I'll probably have some…
Chi Ejimofor: I'll do some modeling, it'll be… it'll be fun, yeah. Oh yeah, I think so too.
James Jackson: Yeah, looking forward to it.
Chi Ejimofor: Alright, man. What do you think for today?
James Jackson: Sound pretty good?
Chi Ejimofor: No, this is… this is, yeah, I couldn't… it couldn't be better. Awesome, I love hearing that. Now, it's got a lot of… a lot of purple. I guess, do you… if I wanted to, like, send data in, you know, because we… you don't have a CRM now, but, like, so we started using Monday,
James Jackson: Final Monday, yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, we use it now. You know, if you guys had a really nice CRM, you know, that would be interesting.
Chi Ejimofor: But if I wanted, you know, if I wanted to communicate, you know, do you guys have webhooks or anything like that?
James Jackson: Oh, yes, I know what you mean. We do have, yeah, we have an API you can use.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah. But really, honestly, let me show you this one little trick. This is actually… I've learned something that other people in our industry don't really offer. You can import or export customers at any time for free.
James Jackson: If you wanted to download your entire customer database, some other companies will literally say, give us 3 weeks, we're gonna charge you $1,000. We give you one button.
James Jackson: I just downloaded your entire database just now, just with one click. And the reason why I bring that up is because we also offer an import. And yes, we do have some people that use a CRM that they love, it has nothing to do with Crow. They will export their new customers from there, put it into our template, and just import them all into Crow at once.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, that would be sick to just… I mean, that's, like, perfect for… yeah, I mean, for, like, just to get… well, I guess we already have a bunch of customers in there, but for the other stuff, and even if we wanted to… if I wanted to, like, look into… oh, I don't even know what combining an account would be.
James Jackson: we've done.
Chi Ejimofor: That might be a long-term thing, but yeah.
James Jackson: It does take a bit of finagling, there's a bit of work involved in that. We've done it even as recently as the last few months, and it's a lot more complicated than this, but essentially, we go and export your customers, and export all of your other data, and then go to the other account and import it. It still takes, like, a good couple of few days to do that, but that's the basic process. We take it out of here and put it into there, and then put it all under the same umbrella.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: That's interesting. And then… and then the API.
James Jackson: Oh, yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: if I had a… if I had a one-off, and I was, you know, because we, you know, new customer, or, yeah, we win a bid.
Chi Ejimofor: estimate comes in, I'm like, hey, cool, I want to, you know, a work order, you know, or… we have stuff that comes up all the time with the salespeople, they're like, hey, yeah, we need to…
Chi Ejimofor: they need this roll-off taken off, you know, and it would be cool if there was just… I don't know, the salespeople maybe don't even…
Chi Ejimofor: I mean, it even sounds like the salespeople should be in here, because you have the route planning, and that's, like, interesting, but…
James Jackson: I agree.
Chi Ejimofor: But yeah, if the salespeople weren't even in here, and it was just Monday, and they were like, hey, something happened, press a button.
Chi Ejimofor: you know.
James Jackson: This kind of translates it over, yeah. I was just gonna show you, we also have the option to do sales.
Chi Ejimofor: Oh, look at that.
James Jackson: You could even track income, like, what accounts this last week, how much money have I generated from my accounts?
Chi Ejimofor: Alright, we're upset.
James Jackson: Right.
Chi Ejimofor: And that's… so the sales… I guess the salesperson account is somewhat different. Who… do we have any salespeople on here?
James Jackson: I was just gonna check, actually, as you were saying that, I was gonna see… I don't think they're even using the sales rep. No, they're not, they're not.
Chi Ejimofor: I was gonna say, we don't have media… yeah. I know the salespeople don't use it, but… Let's see, so this… yeah, go ahead.
James Jackson: Okay, I think I'm gonna answer your question. It is all kind of scope-based. Like, you can have a user that is an accountant, but also an administrator, and also a dispatcher, and also a sales rep. You can wear all those hats at once just based on these checkboxes right here.
James Jackson: And you can also… and we have a lot of providers where they have a new account, and it's literally only a sales rep. They're not allowed to do anything else. Watch when I do this. We have the option to say this person's a sales rep, and they can only access reports. It disables everything else.
Chi Ejimofor: So that's just, that's the read-only, that's, like, just literally put.
James Jackson: Basically. But the big thing I gotta point out there, with the can only view reports, it literally takes all of these options away. I see, I see. You only get reports, yeah.
James Jackson: Purpose.
James Jackson: They are cut off from everything else. They can't create customers, look at even your dispatch board, nothing. They can just see a report of what happened that day. And that's mostly because as a sales rep, you just want to track your sales.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
James Jackson: If you want more access, we can do that too, but if you're just a sales rep, you could be pretty limited.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, this is interesting.
James Jackson: Lots of moving parts, man. Lots of moving parts back.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, because right now, I mean, I don't think there's any real way that we're… I mean, that we're tracking, like, new… I mean, maybe, you know, half… half, but, you know, not… there's no place where I can be like, oh, this guy brought in this amount of money. Whereas, you know.
Chi Ejimofor: I don't know if they requested… well, I don't actually know how to… how we do that. Is there… I guess that would be a note or something? Can you… you can put a note on a job, or…
Chi Ejimofor: contact, I don't… Yeah, yeah. I'll bring up an account right now. Let's actually… let's go back to our test account. I don't like stepping on data, you know. Yep, yep, yep.
James Jackson: So yeah, we got, like, location notes.
Chi Ejimofor: Look at that, there's a sales rep little line inside of that.
James Jackson: That is right there, yep. If there were sales reps in here right now, we could track exactly who got this account. I'll even do you one better. Let's go here, and I didn't walk you through this process yet, so don't get too confused. But if I was adding a new customer, even right here, I can say, as I add the customer, from the moment they're in the system, it's tied to that sales rep.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep, yep.
James Jackson: And then even on the billing side, I could come… I'm still under billing, I could say, I want to see all invoices from the last…
James Jackson: 5 years, let's do that. And they're all going to be sales that we got through… where's my little field there for it? Let's come… let's see… invoice group search, invoice number payment from with… there it is! I don't know why we call it with, but it says in very fine print, sales rep. I could say, I want to see all the jobs that James did for the last 5 years.
James Jackson: And you could even export it as a spreadsheet, all that, right off the bat.
Chi Ejimofor: Mmm.
James Jackson: are reports under billing. If you wanted to see aging and taxing reports, even these here will show you.
James Jackson: By sales rep. I think this one's actually called Sales Rep right there, yeah.
James Jackson: So yeah, I just wanted to kind of get a little demo of that, that almost everywhere in Crow, you can track based on sales rep.
Chi Ejimofor: Would there be, would there be, like, a… so we have, basically, we estimate jobs, win them, go out and do work, but… and then the salesperson will go out additionally and try to get more services on. Is there… is there any recommendation or idea of, like.
Chi Ejimofor: You know, you can attach somebody to something, but, like, how do you, like, say,
Chi Ejimofor: add to… Yeah, I mean, is there… would there be a way to, like, track and upsell, or add…
James Jackson: I don't know, I don't know. Yeah, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, it's gonna probably come down to notes, yeah, I know what you mean. It probably would come down to notes, you could even have some special products that you build just for your billing side for that. Basically, yes, we could do that, just based on what Crow has right now, but once we do get that CRM, it's gonna make that kind of a moot point. It would take care of all that for you.
James Jackson: And I hate going down that path a little bit, because it's like, yes, we can do that. It's gonna take some effort, it'd be kind of complicated, or you can just wait indefinitely, TBD, until we have a CRM. It'll take care of that, too.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
James Jackson: I wish I knew when it was gonna come, when it's gonna be ready.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah. When you do the thing, I guess, when you do the thing that's, like, when you deploy an asset or add a job, there's a place where you can put, I don't know, you can add a note that's, like.
Chi Ejimofor: You know.
James Jackson: Yeah. Here, tell you what, I'm gonna do a delivery here. I'll even tell Crow… no, I'll just do that. Just for now, we'll just do that. Here's my delivery. I'll make sure there's a note on here that says, special… if I could type correctly… special sales rep note. That kind of thing.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, so you can kind of mark… you can kind of mark something that's like, hey, the sales… I don't know. Yeah, you could do something kind of in a.
James Jackson: Lots of places.
Chi Ejimofor: You could do something, yeah.
James Jackson: And one of the reasons why we give you so many options of how you can do it is whatever you prefer, whatever works best for you guys. You could even… excuse me, you could even add a note permanently to the customer's account saying, like,
James Jackson: up, sold, 50… it's not really simple like that. I could even attach that to the customer.
James Jackson: There you go.
Chi Ejimofor: And it's there on the site, yeah, so you can just add.
James Jackson: You can just keep on adding your notes as you go.
Chi Ejimofor: Everything is just site-based, yeah, it's just like, yep, got the… yeah, okay, that's right there, that's nice, right there.
Chi Ejimofor: Of course, you'd have to, like… yeah. Of course, you'd still have to, yeah, since the… and maybe that's where a CRM or something comes in, of course, where you're like, oh, well, you know, upsold, and you just have it somewhere, but just even have the data somewhere.
James Jackson: I was just gonna say, that's the main difference. Right now, you can notate things, but the CRM would automate that process, basically.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
James Jackson: Yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: That's sick.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay.
James Jackson: I'll say it again, man, you're asking really good questions.
Chi Ejimofor: No, it's interesting to see, like, a full, yeah, it's like, there's… yeah, I talked to somebody yesterday, but yeah, it's like, there's a full… first of all, it's all… one… the good thing is, like, the…
Chi Ejimofor: are already using it, you have the dispatchers and people already using it, they do like it.
James Jackson: Or whatever, you know.
Chi Ejimofor: you know, but they're not obviously using the full thing, but it's like, they are using it, and it's good, so it's not… They're using it, it could just… Yeah, so there's no, like, there's less of a, oh, well, why don't we just use this… like, the conversation of why don't we use this more, and take more… full advantage of it is a lot
Chi Ejimofor: conversation than, like, hey, there's a whole other software that's really not, but it's, like, it's a… now everybody's gotta get used to it. Oh, yeah. It's like, people are used to it, now it's just, like.
Chi Ejimofor: you know, hey, let's, you know, add some stuff here. Oh, yeah.
James Jackson: And it kind of comes with the territory. We've before have had providers that call, and they say, I don't know if I can use Crow, because you guys don't do such and such. And we have to go, whoa, whoa, hold on, yes, we definitely do, let me show you how to do that. And they go, oh, you know what?
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, this, like, ref PO number thing, it's like… I mean, I see the paper… the paper schedule that, you know, there's some people writing these things out on paper when it's right there, you know? They could enter it in onto the job thing, and then it's just recorded on the job.
James Jackson: Exactly.
Chi Ejimofor: You know, instead of, like, some… and then renewal.
James Jackson: That's a renewal date. Yeah, you can set the date you have to renew the contract.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, renew the contract, yeah.
James Jackson: Oh yeah, lots of stuff in here. And we, like I said earlier, too, it can be just dead simple. All you're doing is adding jobs and deleting jobs all day long, but we have so many features that are just under the hood. And we keep them under the hood, because we don't want to intimidate you. We don't want to make it daunting to where it's like, what do all these features do?
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, so you have even more, you're like…
James Jackson: There's way more.
Chi Ejimofor: We didn't even…
Chi Ejimofor: I didn't even touch… I see all these, these five, 6 things at the bottom there.
James Jackson: Since we're doing a demo, and we're not doing a.
Chi Ejimofor: Dream.
James Jackson: I'm not gonna walk you through it, I'm doing.
Chi Ejimofor: Check this out.
James Jackson: I'll schedule the delivery of a 20-yard, and I'm even gonna tell the driver
James Jackson: on the job site, where to leave that 20 yard. I want you to put it behind the house. Right there.
James Jackson: There you go. So even that, I'm telling the driver, physically, it could even be down the road if I want it to be, way up here, if my math slowed. But yeah, even as far as that, we have ways to pinpoint, and if the customer has 15 toilets on site, we can track every single one down to the latitude and longitude.
James Jackson: Exactly where it is.
James Jackson: So if the driver… you hire a driver today that's from California, they've never even been to your area before, they can bring up the plot map and know where everything is without ever setting foot on that job site before.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, we have people say all the… you know, we have on the other, some of the other lines, oh, I couldn't find the… it's like, you know… We have a feature.
James Jackson: for that.
Chi Ejimofor: Drop, dropped the thing yet.
James Jackson: Find him for a day.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, yeah.
James Jackson: Remember, like, 20 years ago, when the iPhone came out, and everything was like, there's an app for that, there's an app for that? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Crow, we have a feature for that, most likely.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: Man, I was going through Monday.com training, and now I'm gonna, like, switch over. I'm like, I'm not gonna use… we're using Monday for only one thing, and now we're doing everything.
James Jackson: Yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, you guys have… yeah, it's a lot. So, but… and what's in the PowerPoint? I don't know how big this… how big is this PowerPoint? Everything… all of this is in…
James Jackson: sectioned it out, yeah, it's in little bite-sized chunks, but yeah, it covers just about everything.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, I'm excited to see this thing. Dang.
James Jackson: which actually
James Jackson: one thing I did not get from you, and I would already have it if you had a user account in the system, is your email address, so I can send you the recording we're doing today, and also that PowerPoint thing, so if you don't mind…
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, I can chat it to you.
James Jackson: I'll put it in Notepad, actually. There's my notepad.
Chi Ejimofor: She.
James Jackson: I was just gonna ask, CHI, I got that much.
James Jackson: Yeah. She at desertservices.net.
James Jackson: Probably guessed that. Alright, yeah, I'll make sure you get a copy of the recording, and I'll also make sure I send off… what it actually is, is an article, so I'm gonna send you a link to an article that says, like, click here to download this one, click here to download that one, and you'll see it's sectioned off for every different section of the app.
Chi Ejimofor: and SIG.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay. Yeah, we'll have a fun… Rest of the week.
James Jackson: Yeah, and like I say, too, if you want to do another sit-down like this, if it's like, okay, okay, I went through everything, I've got to talk to you about routes, we'll sit down and have another session like this, an hour, however long we need. We will not charge you extra for it.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, I don't know how… you guys must be doing well.
Chi Ejimofor: Jason.
Chi Ejimofor: That's crazy. Yeah, it's honestly, it's also nice to, like, have… you know, I've talked to pro… I've talked to a bunch of companies in the last, you know, you see the…
Chi Ejimofor: I don't know, I've talked to, like, a, you know, SDR, like a child who doesn't know, you know, they don't even… they don't know what the software does, or I tell them at the beginning what I want, and then they're starting to talk about, you know… If you have a… if you're constructing a… if you're constructing a skyscraper, this is what, like…
James Jackson: God.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, it's like, so it is nice to, like, actually talk to a…
Chi Ejimofor: like a… I don't know how big or small, but, like, a customer that's like, hey, you guys actually, you know, listen and respond, and then… and you know your stuff. You send somebody who knows your stuff. It's like, it's not just…
James Jackson: That's the idea?
Chi Ejimofor: Honestly.
James Jackson: That's one of the reasons… I don't like to talk bad about other companies that do what we do, but there are other companies out there, they have, like, 50 support agents, and everybody complains about their support being terrible.
James Jackson: And on here at Crow, we've got two main people that run all the support, and that's usually our highest regard for customers. As our customer support, it's important to us. We don't even let you go until we can make sure we somehow solve your problem.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, and it's good, because, like, I can't tell you how many times you, like, yeah, you talk to one person. I was… even… even some of the IT, I'm like, you know, I'm…
Chi Ejimofor: I just don't know a thing, you know? It's just one part, but I'm like, I, you know… but, yeah, sometimes…
Chi Ejimofor: I'm, like, showing, hey, click that first, click that, and then I don't know what happens after this, but, you know, so it's good, it's cool that you guys…
James Jackson: I think, honestly, my theory about it is that, it's because we are kind of a small town, we have a bit of that small-town mentality.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, yeah.
James Jackson: a big, big, big industry. So we try to keep that, keep that, you know, stay in a small town. We don't want to move to Seattle or LA or New York one of these days. Maybe we will, who knows? But for now at least, small town mentality in a big world. That's kind of what we're.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah. And you got the… you got the radio voice as well.
James Jackson: I appreciate it.
Chi Ejimofor: You do, you do content as well?
James Jackson: You know, I do, if you look up O.M. James, like, OMG, but O.M. James, that's me. And if you look on Google, I'll even show you right now, dude.
Chi Ejimofor: J-I-N-G-S?
James Jackson: O-M-J-A-M-E-S.
Chi Ejimofor: J-A-M… James, okay, OM James. That's me. And, I picked a real good name.
James Jackson: Almost no one else on the entire internet uses the term OM James. That's me! I have a YouTube channel and stuff, if you ever get interested.
Chi Ejimofor: Wait, wait, wait.
James Jackson: Retro game.
Chi Ejimofor: Wait, wait, I should look at your… I'm looking at your screen. Let me look at your screen first, okay.
James Jackson: You can actually even go to OMJames.com? That's me, that's my YouTube channel.
James Jackson: That's me!
Chi Ejimofor: And you… and you're getting your bag. You stream as well, or you just…
James Jackson: No, and actually, the last video I did was even, like, a year ago, I think. I haven't posted recently.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay.
James Jackson: I posted for, like, 3 years, man. I have, like, 400 videos on my channel, I got up to 230 subscribers. I was like, okay, I gotta change my focus, man. I'd love to do it, but I could never get there.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, I used to be a TikTok guy. I used to be a TikTok guy.
James Jackson: That's okay.
Chi Ejimofor: it's a specific, it's… I mean…
Chi Ejimofor: what does… I mean, I don't know. You gotta hit an archetype, you know, of a content. You gotta figure out… and it's not something… you can't copy anybody, but then you do have to fit, like, in… it has to make sense.
James Jackson: It has to be original, but still appeal to the algorithm.
Chi Ejimofor: Exactly. It has to fit… like, the algorithm has to know where to put you. Am I putting you in, like… yeah, where am I putting you? You know, and that's the…
James Jackson: Because we had to get those advertising dollars, you know.
Chi Ejimofor: And the best algorithm… the best ones are, like, you can see how it works, but it's, like.
Chi Ejimofor: Fantastic, but it.
James Jackson: Oh, yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: It's, it's hard to, yeah, people… anybody can make content, but I tell, you know, it's like…
Chi Ejimofor: The hardest thing is starting, but then once you… but then the second hardest thing is, like, okay, well, now you're going, where do you go? Yeah, the iterating, yeah.
James Jackson: I know what you mean. And, like, for me, I think one of the reasons why I finally gave it up is it was difficult to do it for fun. It was like, I started off.
Chi Ejimofor: I, yeah, yeah, yeah.
James Jackson: to get to where I made money on it, and after a while, I was like, I'm not even enjoying this. If I'm not even having fun, what's the point?
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, that's where I ended up. It ended up being… once it… yeah, and that's why I haven't gone back. It's like, I have no…
James Jackson: We're in the same boat, man.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, I love… I loved making the videos, though. I was editing, it was… it was a… It's fun, but it's… It is a grind. It also changes the… I was outside, like, making videos, so it was a different… it changes the interactions a little bit, but also, I was way more wild. I was, like, you know.
James Jackson: I was younger, too, when I was doing all that.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, this is crazy. Yeah, I look at some of this stuff, and I'm like, alright, there ain't no way… just, like, energy-wise, this is wild energy.
James Jackson: Well, I got that in me, I'm a kind of a performer at heart. I can bring it every single time, 10 times a day if I have to, work Vegas if I had to, I'm sure, but…
James Jackson: Yeah, it's just the… and part of it, people give me compliments, oh, James, your production's great, your voice is great, your acting's great, you're right, everything's great, and yet I never got any views. Nobody would ever come look at my stuff, and that… if they're not watching it, you know, like I say, it's hard just to do it for fun, if nobody's watching, even.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, we'll have to… well…
James Jackson: We'll talk some more, Chi, I'm sure.
Chi Ejimofor: We will, we will, we will. Yeah, I'm sure even, I mean, you have a lot of knowledge about all this stuff, but that's a different, a whole different, like, field, I guess, but…
Chi Ejimofor: But yeah, anyway, it was a good conversation.
James Jackson: I agree, I agree. And one more thing I'll throw at you is I have been asked before, it's like, oh, James, do you do dispatching or accounting on the side? And no, I don't. Everything I've learned about dispatching and things, I learned from Chrome.
James Jackson: So, I…
Chi Ejimofor: Are you a founder, or are you just… you work that way?
James Jackson: I started here about a year after they started, so kind of in from the beginning, ground floor. Yeah. Yeah. I've been here, it'll be 9 years May next year. I've been here.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, I was sitting there, I was like, dang, maybe I should… I was just thinking, I was like, maybe I should get a trading thing. He's killing it. I'm like, yeah, this is my… yeah, this is.
James Jackson: You gotta have a special heart for it, man. If you truly value teaching people how to do what they need to do, then you can do it all day long, but some people aren't built for training. They go, I can't do this again, you know? And it'll sometimes be the same exact training four times in the same day kind of stuff. Yeah, it's like the people that can, you know, hit a baseball and make millions of dollars, I couldn't do that. I can't do it like they do it, you know, it's just…
James Jackson: Different strokes.
Chi Ejimofor: Certain things, yeah, some people, yeah, some people can do certain things over and over, and… I can't fix it.
James Jackson: I am useless with a car.
Chi Ejimofor: There you go. But I can work on computer brakes. I did change my own brakes. I did change… There you go. I've done a couple things, but no, but not, like, the actual… I've never gotten in my bag, you know. But yeah, computer stuff, I'm the same. I'm like…
Chi Ejimofor: you know, the IT, I'm… I feel like I'm faster than the IT, I'll figure it out, but some of the stuff, I'm like, I don't know, I don't… you know, I need them to log in, yeah.
James Jackson: Oh yeah, even, like, here at Crow, somebody will call and say, I'm sorry, James, I'm done with this stuff. And I say, you know what I'm done with? Everybody's done with something. Nobody's really quote-unquote smart. It's like, I know these things, and I don't know.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what everybody has… people have their in-domain, like, a lot of these guys know so much more about name, a subject, it's just maybe with… and, you know, because I had a, what is it? A Surface. It was a Microsoft.
James Jackson: Oh, I know those, yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: That thing was one of the wor… it was an amazing, idea. It was one of the worst computers I ever had in my life.
James Jackson: No, no.
Chi Ejimofor: But the.
James Jackson: The reason why they never took up.
Chi Ejimofor: it, like, taught me, you know, when my computer would go blue, you know, before a test, and I, you know, I had to… yeah, I had to figure… yeah, I learned.
James Jackson: Yeah, by necessity. I know exactly what you mean.
Chi Ejimofor: And then, yeah. And in engineering, you had to learn a bunch of random programs, so it's… you know, but we ended up somewhere. Yeah, okay, oh yeah. Well, yeah, I'll look for that email.
James Jackson: I will send it off right away. Zoom sometimes takes about an hour, so… and I'm out of here in, like, well, about an hour and a half, so I should get it before I leave today, but if not, you'll get it first thing tomorrow morning.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, I'll just… I mean, the gym's nice, but the training, I'll… if you have the training, just, like, lob that over. I'm just… You got it.
James Jackson: I'll send you a direct link to it. And I would say, too, you can, I think, do it through the browser. I would actually recommend just download the ones you want, and that way you can, you know, even if someday we take down that article, you'll still have a copy of it.
James Jackson: I'll say, too, one more last thing about those is we have updated a few things in Crow since I made those Crow universities. All the functionality is exactly the same. A couple of the icons might look different, just keep that in mind.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay.
James Jackson: But all the functionality is exactly the same.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, Monday has the same, like… it's like, everything… everything's the same, but you see, like, oh, the automation section is… that doesn't look… that looks different.
James Jackson: But…
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah. This is sick. And then I'll have to look up Geotab. I'll have to look up a couple of these.
James Jackson: Cool! I mean, if I ran a company that had a bunch of trucks, I'd probably use something like Geotab, if not Geotab itself. I mean, the biggest appeal for it is the physical device you put into the truck. With our GPS tracking, if they run over their phone, you stop tracking. If their phone dies, you stop tracking. But on Geotab, if they're in the truck and it's running, you're tracking.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, and then this tab would just show the…
Chi Ejimofor: All the issues, or whatever's happening. Yeah.
James Jackson: The integration with Crow, all we take as of right now, is the GPS data, so you get much more accurate GPS data that doesn't ever go away. And then the other fleet tracking stuff, like, you can see, like, if they need an oil change, or how… what their fuel.
Chi Ejimofor: I see.
James Jackson: That's more… we actually offer a little window into that, so even here in Crow, this is what this Geotab button does, by the way. If Desert Services was using Geotab, you would click there, and it would slide over their dashboard right into Crow, and you could see all the extra data.
James Jackson: Otherwise, we'd only use their GPS data, right?
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, so basically, you pull the GPS data, and then whatever you want… if we want to do… we're using Geotabs, the maintenance people are using it, cool, use it however you're using it, but then for the… for the dispatchers, they get to see.
James Jackson: just GPS data.
Chi Ejimofor: better GPS data that is hyper-accurate.
James Jackson: Right before we wrap up here, I'll take one more look. Oh, we got a few, we got Rob…
James Jackson: Dennis and Eric are all tracking today. Here we go. So you can see here, I mean, this is pretty good. You can see every little turn and everything, but if I zoom in just a little bit, you can see, I don't know if you can tell, it's kind of hard to tell. There's little gaps. It's like gap, gap, gap, we're tracking the movement, like, every, I don't know, mile, mile and a half, something like that.
James Jackson: Geotab is gonna be, like, every tenth second. It's gonna be…
Chi Ejimofor: So you see the full route, and… would you see start… I guess you would see, oh, I guess you guys would do…
Chi Ejimofor: And, you guys would do… What's my question?
Chi Ejimofor: start, stop. I guess if they exit the app, then it would… it would not update until they opened it up again. That is true.
James Jackson: Unless they check that thing where it says Always Allow. If it's an always allow… You always allow? If they leave the app, it's still tracking with Always Allow turned on, but if they close the app, it does stop tracking.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, let me… oh, close, like, swipe up.
James Jackson: Yeah, if they completely close it, it stops, but if it's running even in the background, it will keep on track of them.
James Jackson: And you can see here, our GPS tracking works fantastic, but anytime someone goes, I like this, but, like, you can see right here, like, it cut off this entire turn. If we have a provider that goes, I need that data, we say, you need Geotab then.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
James Jackson: There's only.
Chi Ejimofor: No fees.
James Jackson: with the driver's app.
Chi Ejimofor: Right.
Chi Ejimofor: Well, yeah, we have some, I mean, you know, we have some… some stuff where it's like, where, you know, I don't know, where were you at for these hours? We don't have any debt, we don't have anything. I've heard that, I've heard that.
James Jackson: Okay, dang it, you keep on making me think of cool stuff I want to show you real quick. We also have our shift activity map. Let me just give you a quick little demo. Let's see what Eric was up to yesterday.
James Jackson: There he is, this is his tracking for yesterday. I'm also getting… I'm getting estimated speed. Right here, he was going about… that says 142 miles an hour. I don't think that's how fast he was actually going. But what it's tracking is when he was here, and when he was here, how much time passed, and about how fast he was probably going. We'll even estimate that.
James Jackson: I can tell he speeds up along this road, and he slows down along this one.
James Jackson: I can see where he was physically located when he marked, this job is complete. Oh, zoom in, I'm getting kind of covered up. Stop.
James Jackson: It'll even track the physical location, see if it'll let me do that. There you go. Dang it, stop it, map. I'm trying to get cool data right now. There you go.
James Jackson: So, when he did this job at 2.28.04 for Native Landscape here, he was physically at this exact spot, and I can zoom, like, way in to see exactly where he was standing. We have times where a driver will complete 10 jobs on the highway, and it's like, I know you're not completing jobs on the highway. What you did is you forgot to mark a job as complete until you were on the highway.
James Jackson: So even that little bit of information, we'll know if they are not using the app correctly just based on this map.
James Jackson: This combines GPS and all the activity in the app.
James Jackson: I love this map, dude. This is a really powerful map. I've seen drivers lose their job because of this map, because they were…
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
James Jackson: Messing around.
Chi Ejimofor: You're doing different things, yeah. This is… this is…
James Jackson: There's so much to show you, man, there's so much in Crow.
Chi Ejimofor: This is crazy. Okay, dang.
James Jackson: And honestly, things like this, we're gonna be tracking the information, even if you don't want it, we're gonna keep track of it anyway, just because we collect it.
Chi Ejimofor: that it's there. Yeah, it's like, hey guys, did you know, you know… well, again, and we're only using you for, for,
Chi Ejimofor: For a couple of items. Give the iceberg. Yeah, it would be… I guess for, yeah, for the things where it's, like,
Chi Ejimofor: it's more… I guess you'd have to get creative for, you know, for water truck, where they're just gonna be, you know, spraying the site down, but you could set an asset as, like, a, you know, water truck, and then they would just drive to it, and then do their thing, and that would be kind of a way that you could.
James Jackson: Oh yeah, I've literally seen, just like you're saying, it'll say, like, water service or something like that. They're not dropping anything off except water, but it will look just like this. Not that, I picked an empty route, of course I picked an… oh, this is the wrong… I'm on the wrong side, this is on the roll-off side.
James Jackson: But just like I showed you earlier, with just a bunch of little service jobs, it would say, yeah, water service, water service. It'd be the exact same thing as any other route, but you're not pumping out toilets, you're just spraying it off.
James Jackson: We actually have had some providers that do pressure washing, and they specifically track it that way. They still have to, quote-unquote, deploy something at that job site, but they can still do a route every single week that's.
Chi Ejimofor: Well, the fact you can just deploy the site, I mean, this is where you're supposed to go, like, this is the…
James Jackson: That's all you're really doing.
Chi Ejimofor: This is where you're doing the thing.
James Jackson: X marks the spot. That's basically what you're doing.
Chi Ejimofor: That's sick. And so you got, you guys…
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, so you, you service a bunch of people, mainly these customers, mainly those four, roll-offs, waste, recycling.
Chi Ejimofor: But you have, kind of, some stuff on the edges on both sides.
James Jackson: Oh, yeah. I can tell you the weirdest one we had. He actually only used the service for a couple of years. He did seasonal dog poop removal.
James Jackson: So, once a year, for the winter season, when his area froze over with ice, he ran a service that would go around and scoop up all your dog's poo, and he had, like, 18 customers that he serviced every year, and he made a decent wage on it.
James Jackson: And that was using Crow.
James Jackson: So, yes.
Chi Ejimofor: How much is it? How much is a per… what's the… if you're allowed to say, what is the per truck? Does it depend on the size? Is it the shape of the truck?
James Jackson: Yeah, yeah, no, it's just generic, it doesn't matter what kind of truck it is. If you're putting jobs onto a truck and assigning it, and they're driving around or tracking GPS and stuff like that. I don't know a lot of the pricing, but I do know that price. It's $75 per truck per month.
James Jackson: At least as of right now, that's what it was. Last I heard, it was $75 per truck per month. Which, depending on the size of the company, Desert Services is a pretty big company. We work with some mom-and-pop shops, where they go, oh, $75, that's so much. But 90% of the time, people hear that, they go, you guys, how do you get away with only charging $75? You know?
Chi Ejimofor: Well, that's why I'm like, well, yeah, and you do all this other stuff, it's like…
James Jackson: We figured out a pretty good model. You know, we do pretty well with what we have set up here, and it makes it very appealing for…
Chi Ejimofor: I'm pretty sure even just… even the app that they're using is… it's like a hundred and… it's like a hundred and… I don't know.
Chi Ejimofor: the app that they're using for the, for the, what's it called? Inspections is probably 150, or something, some number like that.
James Jackson: Per user, even, I bet.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, correct, per user. Oh, yeah, yeah, per user, exactly, so it's even higher. Yeah, it would be interesting, it would be… there would be a few things, if, I guess if I was like, okay, you know, I wanna…
Chi Ejimofor: I want a…
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, I have an idea, like, I wanna… I don't know, like, one of these other, things that we're doing. I wanna… I wanna get… put something together to show somebody, this is how it would work, or it could work.
James Jackson: Yeah. How could that…
Chi Ejimofor: generally, I don't know, with work. Like, if it was… I don't know if it's a sep… I don't know if it's, like, a…
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, it's…
Chi Ejimofor: if I was, like, not a… yeah, demo, or… I don't know, or if I told you specific, or, you know, if I sat down with you and I was like, hey, prepare, like, a 30-minute thing, so… because we have, like, 90 trucks here, we have a lot more.
James Jackson: Oh, yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: We have a… we have, so it's… it's like, to bring…
James Jackson: Biggs and services.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, so you know, I mean, it's not big, by the way, but it's, like, it's a lot bigger than.
James Jackson: Bigger than this, yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: Bigger than this.
James Jackson: I feel that.
Chi Ejimofor: I would say, how might you…
James Jackson: specific stuff like that, we probably would want to set up some kind of sit-down, like we're doing right now, one-on-one.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay.
James Jackson: As opposed to just showing, like, a training video or something like that, and that's mostly because every single time we do a demo, there are specific questions to your industry and how you do business. So we have found, even if it only is, like, half an hour of our time and half an hour of your time, we would be able to answer all those questions and show you exactly what you're looking for. Even this little overview I did right here, I avoided showing you a lot of stuff, because I knew that it wasn't going to be topical for this conversation. But in one of those kinds of demos or training sessions like that, we know exactly what would be on top
James Jackson: And so we can just focus on that.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, and could you… so, if I was, like, I wanted to prepare, like, you know, I'll just… I would come with something, and I'm like, I wanted to…
Chi Ejimofor: like, I wanted to prepare… would it be possible to create an account or something to be like, alright, I… I don't know, I…
Chi Ejimofor: I wanna show… I wanna… I wanna sit down with you, create some of the assets, and then…
Chi Ejimofor: prepared for the other, like, later on in the week. Would that be something that you would do?
James Jackson: That's what you're saying, that's kind of a sandbox thing again.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, okay.
James Jackson: Actually, I don't know what it is, it's like there's something in the water. The last couple of months, we've been getting more and more requests for, like, a sandbox. We don't have it right now, but I know, I don't even know if they're, like, actively writing the code for it just yet or anything, but that is an ongoing conversation recently with the developers, is having some kind of testbed system. Ideally, what they're saying is even to have a mode you can go into. Like, if you're an administrator, you could click a little.
Chi Ejimofor: legislation would say… Stop, yeah, yeah.
James Jackson: Put me in sandbox mode.
Chi Ejimofor: That's around most.
James Jackson: Undo everything I did for the last hour, that kind of stuff. We don't have it right now, but there have been talks about that.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, but… okay, so it would be more something where I… we… it would be… if I wanted to do something like that, it would be more like setting up, like, a test truck.
James Jackson: Right.
Chi Ejimofor: or a test truck, I guess it would cost… if you just set up a truck right now, would it cost money immediately, or how does that…
James Jackson: I'll show you right now, which actually, give me just one second, I'll show you exactly what happens. Don't mind what I'm doing.
Chi Ejimofor: Sure, sure.
James Jackson: I was checking a number at 10. So you guys are at 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6… is this the same one? Oh, you guys actually have trucks you're not using right now. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, yeah, you actually have…
James Jackson: You guys could add 3 more trucks to this system that you're paying for right now, by the way, so if they don't want to be paying, if they want to reduce their monthly costs, let us know. We could make an easy change to fix that. But basically, what I was going to show you, if you were already at your limit, is if you try to add a new truck, it'll bark at you. It'll say you're already at your limit, if you want to add more, please contact us.
Chi Ejimofor: I see, okay. So right now, yeah, I could have a test truck, and then, like, test site, and be like, hey, adding, you know, I'd have to have a test, like, column thing in the products section, or wherever that was.
James Jackson: Literature true.
Chi Ejimofor: It would be, like, it could be… it could be that.
James Jackson: But we do, right now, have providers that are looking for what you're looking for, and what they'll do is kind of near the end of the day, like we're at right now, looking at your daily truck list, all your drivers… look, maybe this last job here, I'm not sure yet, but the rest of these are all faded out. Your drivers are done for the day. So likely what we would do is we'd set up an afternoon session when all your drivers are done, they're not even in the app anymore. We could add some fake asset types, add a fake customer, run a whole bunch of tests without them even knowing we were in there.
James Jackson: And then we could just backtrack everything.
James Jackson: We've done that before.
James Jackson: Because then you can actually use the truck, you could log into the app with the truck, you could do everything you would do as a driver, but it won't actually step on your driver's toes.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep.
James Jackson: Until we get…
Chi Ejimofor: I have some…
James Jackson: In a sandbox environment.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: It's interesting. Yeah, I think, I think,
Chi Ejimofor: I'm not allowed to… yeah, it would be… it would be interesting. So, I'll do… I'll finish the training, and I'll finish the… the thing, and then we'll… then I'll… I'll think about… and then I'll also finish the Monday thing for the CRM site, or whatever we're doing over there, and then just kind of…
Chi Ejimofor: percolate, and then we'll see where we end up.
James Jackson: see, while you're using Monday, the other thing I'm going to send over to you in that email is, right here, it's a tiny little button.
Chi Ejimofor: Oh, look at that. Right there.
James Jackson: This is the spreadsheet template to import customers into Crow. I'll send you that blank template just so you can see how those columns line up. If you can get that same data from Monday, you could probably very easily have an import of those customers, I'm sure.
Chi Ejimofor: Yep,
James Jackson: And you can even do it your own.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, is there any… and then I see you guys have, like, the billing and the location. Is there any, I guess you have it set up like this,
Chi Ejimofor: Is there any… yeah, yeah, okay.
Chi Ejimofor: like, if you hit the billing, like, first choice transport, like, yeah, that top level.
James Jackson: This is the billing account?
Chi Ejimofor: There's a specific location. Oh, it's a billing…
James Jackson: Yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: It is a different, like, account type altogether. Yes.
James Jackson: It couldn't be.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay.
James Jackson: Yeah, which if I click over here, watch, if I click on 180 degrees here, you can see they have a lot of inactivated accounts, so there's the… these are all service addresses.
James Jackson: These are the active ones under this billing account, these are the inactive ones under the billing account.
Chi Ejimofor: And…
Chi Ejimofor: We're over here, like, I was telling the… we were talking to the salespeople, like, we don't know what's going on. I'm like, it's like, put it… put all the active… put them all right here, you know, and you can add, you know… so it's… Yeah, okay, so that makes sense, because I was like, well, shouldn't the… shouldn't the site… shouldn't the, locations all have, like, a billing thing attached, but they…
Chi Ejimofor: Do get attached at some point, or it's…
James Jackson: Cascades down, yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, so it is like a… it just… it just… it looks, strange, but it is like a… it could… if you, what it would… what's the word? I don't know, you could have a thing where it would, like, fold up, and it would.
James Jackson: Oh, like.
Chi Ejimofor: Yes, I think it's really bad. It could collapse, yeah.
James Jackson: Yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: It doesn't, but it… this theoretically would be, like, a collapsed thing, where it's, like, a bunch of sites and things. And then the things that don't have that, it's because it's not… they didn't set it up like that.
James Jackson: Yeah, it's.
Chi Ejimofor: They didn't set it up… I won't say correct, but they set it up differently, where they just put in…
Chi Ejimofor: One site with… okay.
James Jackson: And actually, this ties into one of the very first things we talked about today. When you're going to add a new customer, I always say, search for that customer first, because I see it all the time. Somebody goes, oh, I need to do a job for 180 degrees, and they come in here, and they create 180 degrees, and then the next day, they do another job for 180 degrees, they create another 180 degrees. We have things where you can, like, merge accounts together, we do have that functionality, but that's why, even in training, I always say, before you add anything, make sure it's not already in there.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, and that's either, yeah, even the location idea, like, you put in the location, which is the billing, but you could also put, I don't know, project numbers, or you could put whatever.
James Jackson: Lot numbers, if you're doing a big property. We've done that before. Like, if you're doing an RV park or something like that, or like a trailer park, every one of those lots, it's all technically the same address, but it's lot 1, lot 2, lot 3.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: Because we've had… I mean, I think there's… because right now, we… it's just kind of a thing sometimes where, like, I don't know, somebody will…
Chi Ejimofor: I don't know, we have a project that is called… it might get called two different things.
Chi Ejimofor: And then, you know, I don't know, two people are going to the same place, but there's not, you know, it's a weird thing, so we're thinking about, like, some sort of project number or something like that. Yeah. Oh, you know what, though? It's another one of those under-the-hood things. So, most of the time, when you look for customers, you're looking for the billing account, or you're looking for the service address, or the service location.
James Jackson: We also offer multiple account numbers. If you guys don't even use names, if you just want to punch in an account number, you can do that too.
Chi Ejimofor: Oh, look at that.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, location name.
James Jackson: And I only brought that up because you brought it up. I was like, I wasn't gonna show you that, but it gets… if you want to, you can get as specific as that.
James Jackson: Down to the account.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, that would be interesting, yeah. So you could… so you can have… what's an… okay, an account could be… it's, like, or location, it's the same, like, just the same… so that could be, like, a… yeah.
James Jackson: One of the reasons why… the main reason why we added the account numbers is because we had a few providers. They say, we don't use names, we don't use addresses, we use 19957. That's what we use.
James Jackson: So we… that's why we added that in there. I will say, it's not used nearly as much as a location name, but the providers that need that account number, they're very happy with that feature.
Chi Ejimofor: Can you just throw… I mean, can you… you can… it's an AND thing, it's not an OR, right? Or is it a OR?
James Jackson: You don't have to.
James Jackson: So, yeah, it's completely ANT.
Chi Ejimofor: I have to have a name?
James Jackson: You definitely.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, and oh, the address is in a separate field, so it doesn't affect the address, it's just the… This is what I was talking about.
James Jackson: about, yeah, technically, this address is separate from the name of the company, but we often train to put the address on there anyway. Just so, if you're searching, you don't have to make sure you're searching by address, or searching by… you just search by whatever you want to, it's gonna come up.
Chi Ejimofor: It'll come up, yeah.
James Jackson: Exactly, that's why we recommend that.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, and that's sick. If you just put in a, how would it show up, I guess, if you put in a number, like, 5 or 10? I mean, or 150… no, if you, like, for the account number, if you, if you put in a…
James Jackson: Yeah, yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: account number in there, how does it show up in a column?
James Jackson: I almost added it to a legitimate account, it wouldn't hurt anything, but I just… that's not my policy. Yeah, yeah, so you can add the account here, 1, 2, 3, 4.
James Jackson: The secondary account number, this is the one that's used even less, but we do have, like, I think 2 providers that use that second account number.
James Jackson: Excuse me, the main reason why we do that right there? So far, I've been searching with the customer list here, searching by the name, I can search by the city, whatever I want to, but under the customer center here, you can also literally just search by the account number.
James Jackson: completely ambiguous of anything else. It knows if you type in 1, 2, 3, 4, Crow Test comes out.
Chi Ejimofor: If you just wanted to, you know, real quick…
James Jackson: We'll make you work that way. We're not gonna make you work that way, but if you do, we can accommodate.
Chi Ejimofor: That's interesting. And that's just, like, hover over customers, hit the center, and that pops up, and then you're just in your bag.
James Jackson: That's one of my favorite things about Crow here. Again, I've seen some other systems where it's like, I can click here, I have to sort by this, then I have to click here, and now I'm looking at my customer. In Crow, you click on a customer name, you see everything about that customer.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
James Jackson: And that customer center, I could be looking at reports, and it's like, oh, what was that customer again? And even from here, 1, 2, 3, 4, within half a second, I'm looking at the customer again. That quickly.
James Jackson: Anywhere in Crow, you can bring up a customer.
Chi Ejimofor: Somebody accidentally called.
James Jackson: the call center, and I don't even correct him. It's like, call center's not a bad name for this thing. It's the customer.
Chi Ejimofor: Nope.
James Jackson: Some people call it a call center, that's basically what it is.
Chi Ejimofor: You have the… you have, yeah, the contact right there and everything.
Chi Ejimofor: Can you show me the… the… can you show me the… the top, the billing one again? Yeah. Not the bill… yeah, the billing…
James Jackson: Click right here on the billing name?
Chi Ejimofor: Oh, you can click it. Oh, man.
James Jackson: I can go over here, I can go over here, I can go over here. I'm just going back and forth, sorry. It's that easy to go back and forth.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: and billing contact, and all, yeah, and then, okay. And then you have all the locations, okay. The only thing that's not here would be, like, if we had, I don't know, 100 con… if we had, like, contacts for.
James Jackson: Yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: But you have one contact, but… and that's for Billy, and it's, like, probably fine, but…
James Jackson: Is it gonna load for me right now? It will. One second here. Is it in news? Where do we have it? Oh, I think it's over here. We have a special feature in here. Okay, it's not working at the moment. Where it shows what we're currently working on. I'm actually talking to developers, it's showing gray right now. One of the things we're working on is multiple contacts. That is something they are actively working on right now.
James Jackson: in Crow, before that even comes out, you can still do contact, comma, contact, comma, contact, but they're making it so you can literally have, like, this is my billing contact, this is my foreman, this is my two other people I need to talk to about this job. Yeah, so we are working on that. We don't have it just yet, but we are working on that.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, for individual jobs, it's perfect.
Chi Ejimofor: Even in general, I mean, even in general, just to have it… I mean, you know, you just go and click on the…
Chi Ejimofor: Could you search by a customer name in that search field, I guess? Yeah. Not customer name, like, even a con, like, you know, Jamathy, you know.
James Jackson: content.
Chi Ejimofor: James.
James Jackson: You search by name, phone number, email, location address, billing account, account number.
Chi Ejimofor: location. Wow.
Chi Ejimofor: So then if you.
James Jackson: When are you training on this, I like saying, let's say that somebody calls you and all you see is the caller ID, you can still bring up that account.
James Jackson: Just based on the phone number.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, and then it'll… it'll… if it… if it doesn't… is it a exact thing, or is it… I'm not exact.
James Jackson: Tarshall.
Chi Ejimofor: I don't.
James Jackson: Yeah, yeah, I know what you mean, it's partial search.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, and then you… it'll show the options in that field, and you click on the one. It's not like…
Chi Ejimofor: Google, where you, like, type in something, and then it'll… okay, shoot me.
James Jackson: Yeah, no, no, I was just putting it in there so I could show you a search with that. Yeah, actually, I think I'm not even refreshing… 867?
James Jackson: Yeah, it already came up, just like that. So yeah, it would come up with the list right there, it's not just gonna immediately jump into it, it shows you which one you're looking for. And even again, right here, putting the name with the address makes it so much easier to know exactly which one you're looking at. That's the name of.
Chi Ejimofor: Yeah, because just… yeah, I was gonna say, because we get emails, I mean, I don't know, for different things, and it's like, yeah, even if the customer's called some, you know, the site, I don't know if they're… why they're calling it different things, but it's like, put in the email, and it's like, these are the two sites, and it's one of these two, and it is… and it is one of these two.
James Jackson: Oh yeah, I could even write here, if I look for B-O-Q-O-R, weird little word there, I got this account because that's their email address.
Chi Ejimofor: Okay, so that is a fuzzy, yeah.
James Jackson: Fuzzy, that's the word for it, yeah, it's a fuzzy search, yeah.
Chi Ejimofor: Cozy Finder, yeah.
James Jackson: That's it.
Chi Ejimofor: Well, that answers that question, yeah, just… if I'm like, shoot, I just got an email, what's… what project is it? Boom, click that.
James Jackson: And that's just what the customer.
Chi Ejimofor: Add a… at a… okay, hey.
James Jackson: That's also why I like.
Chi Ejimofor: or whatever.
James Jackson: suggesting to search on the customer list. You can search in the customer center, but you have to tell it what you're searching by. Customer list, you don't even have to specify. You just give it a little bit of information.
Chi Ejimofor: Completely fuzzy, yeah.
James Jackson: I found everybody in Phoenix just with the word Phoenix.
Chi Ejimofor: You got some good developers over there, man.
James Jackson: They know it, man, we got some good ones, they know what they're doing.
Chi Ejimofor: That's sick. No AI? Well, maybe a little bit.
James Jackson: Not yet. Not yet. They've been talking about that. People are wanting to have their routes optimized by AI, and they're talking about it.
Chi Ejimofor: I don't trust…
James Jackson: Not yet.
Chi Ejimofor: stuff I don't trust it. There's some goods… there are good ones, and there are bad ones, and then there's also, I don't know, people that throw AI into stuff for the sake of it, and it's like, don't… like, AI is… when it's wrong, it's, like, awful.
James Jackson: I avoided even, like, the CES and the, the expos and stuff that happened. I used to follow all those, every new announcement, and I stopped, like, this last couple years, because everything is AI, AI toothbrush, AI, it's like, I don't care. I want to know what it does. I don't care about the AI.
Chi Ejimofor: Give me the… Yeah, tell me the function of the thing, you know? They're focused on the…
James Jackson: How is it different than another toothbrush? Oh, it has AI. Well, then I don't want it. I want a toothbrush that works better, not one that has AI.
Chi Ejimofor: Right.
Chi Ejimofor: You get it.
James Jackson: I am thinking, gee, let's go ahead and, if you don't mind, let's go ahead and wrap this up, only because we've been about a little over 2 hours here, and just…